saudi arabia is considering sending a small team to the bangkok asian games from which it pulled out unexpectedly this week, a saudi official said saturday.
a snooker game between longtime asian rivals india and pakistan led to a flareup of tempers sunday, showing a depth of differences that shocked thai organizers and spectators at the asian games.
for some teams, ``out of bounds'' at the asian games means more than just a line on a soccer field or basketball floor. that's because the host city offers the punchy mix of viagra and notorious night life.
in rites building from low flares symbolizing dawn to a fiery cauldron lighting, thailand's king opened the asian games sunday night, giving thais some respite from an economic crisis that once threatened the continent's olympic-style event.
hours before china was expected to sign a key u.n. human rights treaty and host british prime minister tony blair, police hauled a prominent human rights campaigner in for questioning monday.
police detained and questioned the organizer of a group set up by dissidents to monitor official corruption and told him the group's activities must cease, a human rights group said thursday.
china's central government ordered the arrest of a prominent democracy campaigner and may use his contacts with exiled chinese dissidents to charge him with harming national security, a colleague said wednesday.
china's government said thursday that two prominent dissidents arrested this week are suspected of endangering national security _ the clearest sign yet chinese leaders plan to quash a would-be opposition party.
with attorneys locked up, harassed or plain scared, two prominent dissidents will defend themselves against charges of subversion thursday in china's highest-profile dissident trials in two years.
in response to criticism from home and abroad, chinese officials broke their silence wednesday to defend their arrest this week of a prominent dissident who was trying to form an opposition political party.
one leader of a suppressed new political party will be tried on dec. 17 on a charge of colluding with foreign enemies of china ``to incite the subversion of state power,'' according to court documents given to his wife on monday.
a week after the white house and congressional democrats disavowed his ``war'' on speaker newt gingrich, james carville, president clinton's former campaign strategist and chief outside defender, put forth a new battle cry wednesday: he will not be muzzled.
the presidential campaign of 2000 began wednesday, like it or not. the millennial election will be fought on a political playing field whose rough outlines, if not its exact boundaries, were drawn by the voters in tuesday's elections, which delivered a crushing disappointment to the giddy hopes of the republicans and an unexpected elixir to the recently ailing democrats.
stunned by the democratic resurgence in the mid-term elections, congressional republicans tore into each other wednesday over who was to blame for their failure to make the traditional opposition party gains in an off-year election.
stunned by the democratic resurgence in the mid-term elections, congressional republicans tore into each other wednesday over who was to blame for their failure to make the traditional opposition party gains in an off-year election.
stunned by the democratic resurgence in the mid-term elections, congressional republicans tore into each other wednesday over who was to blame for their failure to make the traditional opposition party gains in an off-year election.
an intense struggle for control of the house is underway, with rep. bob livingston conducting a telephone campaign to replace rep. newt gingrich as speaker and gingrich fighting with a counter-campaign that has given some members pause about ousting him.
a struggle for control of the house is under way, with rep. robert livingston conducting a telephone campaign that could lead to him running against newt gingrich as speaker.
house speaker newt gingrich, who orchestrated the republican revolution of recent years and is overseeing the impeachment inquiry into president clinton, was driven from office friday by a party that swiftly turned on him after its unexpected losses in tuesday's midterm elections.
the outcome of the microsoft antitrust case may be a long way off, but one thing is already clear: this is the first major e-mail trial.
america online is on the verge of agreeing to purchase netscape communications corp., the internet pioneer at the center of the government's antitrust suit against microsoft corp., executives involved in the talks said sunday.
america online is on the verge of agreeing to purchase netscape communications corp., the internet pioneer at the center of the government's antitrust suit against microsoft corp., executives involved in the talks said sunday.
stock prices vaulted to record levels monday, furthering a recovery that as recently as two months ago seemed nearly unthinkable. ``i thought we were in the most serious correction since 1990, but i never thought or wrote that the bull market was over,'' said byron wien, u.s. equity strategist at morgan stanley dean witter &amp; co. ``now it seems all of that is behind us.'
microsoft corp. argued in federal court monday that the proposed acquisition of netscape communications corp. by america online seriously undermined the government's antitrust suit against the software giant.
envisioning a thoroughly networked world in which the world wide web is a limitless marketplace of information, entertainment, products and services, america online inc. tuesday laid out the details of its agreement to buy the netscape communications corporation for $4.
the new york times said in an editorial for wednesday, nov. 25: america online's effort to acquire netscape and set up a partnership with sun microsystems is a reminder of how rapidly the corporate landscape can change in fast-moving technical fields.
america online built itself into the most potent force in cyberspace largely by appealing to families with chatty teen-agers who want to flirt online and adults looking for an easy way to send electronic mail while checking the weather and sports scores.
america online built itself into the most potent force in cyberspace largely by appealing to families with chatty teen-agers who want to flirt online and adults looking for an easy way to send electronic mail while checking the weather and sports scores.
wall street extended a global stock selloff thursday with the dow industrials tumbling more than 200 points for a second straight day.
president boris yeltsin would respond strongly to any effort to prohibit russians from buying foreign currencies, believing the move would be like bringing another iron curtain down on the country, his spokesman said friday.
president leonid kuchma called friday for ``corrections'' to ukraine's program of market reforms, but pledged that reforms would continue.
ukraine's parliament on friday refused to approve president leonid kuchma's decree establishing a state fund to compensate people for savings lost in banks.
prime minister yevgeny primakov said saturday that the economic crisis would not bring an end to the government's program of privatizing state property.
russia's new prime minister picked an unusual way to reassure the nation thursday. after two weeks of deliberations he announced that he still had no plan to rescue the country from its economic crisis.
when the world's finance ministers and central bankers gathered last year in hong kong, they nervously congratulated each other for containing _ at least for the moment _ a nasty financial brush fire in asia.
in a season of crashing banks, plunging rubles, bouncing paychecks, failing cropsand rotating governments, maybe it is not the ultimate insult.
the united states is disappointed by the economic confusion within the new russian government of prime minister yevgeny primakov, said secretary of state madeleine albright on friday, and she warned russia about the dangers of an anti-western policy.
if the communist party has its way _ and it has been planning for months _ millions of russians will take to the streets on wednesday for some of the biggest demonstrations in years.
turkey has sent 10,000 troops to its southeastern border with syria amid growing tensions between the two neighbors, newspapers reported thursday.
signaling it does not want to be involved in any potential military confrontation between syria and turkey, israel is limiting routine exercises along its own border with syria.
egyptian president hosni mubarak met here sunday with syrian president hafez assad to try to defuse growing tension between syria and turkey.
egyptian president hosni mubarak met here sunday with syrian president hafez assad to try to defuse growing tension between syria and turkey.
as turkey kept up warlike rhetoric against damascus, egypt on sunday began shuttle democracy between the two neighbors to avoid a military confrontation over turkish kurdish bases in syria.
iran has offered to mediate between syria and turkey in the deepening dispute over kurdish rebel bases and plans to dispatch envoys to the two countries, the tehran times reported monday.
iran has offered to mediate between syria and turkey in the deepening dispute over kurdish rebel bases and will dispatch envoys to the two countries, the tehran times reported monday.
lebanon on monday denied it is harboring kurdish rebels and blamed israel for the rising tension between syria and turkey. president elias hrawi traveled to damascus monday for a summit meeting with president hafez assad to show lebanon's support for syria.
greece on monday warned that mounting tension between turkey and syria could lead to ``tragic results'' if not dealt with in its early stages.
lebanon on monday denied it is harboring kurdish rebels and blamed israel for the rising tension between syria and turkey. president elias hrawi traveled to damascus monday for a summit meeting with president hafez assad to show lebanon's support for syria.
united states maxi sayonara looks set to continue the foreign domination of line honors in australia's famous sydney to hobart yacht race, which starts saturday.
leading maxi yachts brindabella, sayonara and marchioness were locked in a three-way duel down the new south wales state coast saturday as the sydney to hobart fleet faced deteriorating weather.
a major search was under way in bass strait off australia's southeast coast on sunday night for an injured crewman swept overboard during the sydney-to-hobart yacht race.
two yacht crew members are dead, three yachts remain missing and rescue resources were stretched to the limit monday as huge seas and gale-force winds continued to batter the sydney-to-hobart race fleet.
two yacht crew members are dead, three yachts remain missing and rescue resources were stretched to the limit monday as huge seas and gale-force winds continued to batter the sydney-to-hobart race fleet.
gale-force winds and high seas battered yachts in the sydney-to-hobart race monday, killing at least two crew members and leaving two yachts missing.
gale-force winds and high seas battered yachts in australia's sydney-to-hobart race monday, killing at least two crew members and leaving three yachts missing.
gale-force winds and high seas battered yachts in australia's sydney-to-hobart race monday, killing at least two crew members and leaving three yachts missing.
two sailors died and 15 others were missing after gale-force winds and high seas battered yachts in the sydney-to-hobart yacht race monday.
british sailor glyn charles was missing and presumed drowned _ becoming the third fatality in the sydney-to-hobart yacht race _ while three others remained missing in rough seas after nightfall monday.
for the second day in a row, astronauts boarded space shuttle endeavour on friday for liftoff on nasa's first space station construction flight.
endeavour and its astronauts closed in sunday to capture the first piece of the international space station, the russian-made zarya control module that had to be connected to the unity chamber aboard the shuttle.
endeavour's astronauts connected the first two building blocks of the international space station on sunday, creating a seven-story tower in the shuttle cargo bay.
endeavour's astronauts connected the first two building blocks of the international space station on sunday, creating a seven-story tower in the shuttle cargo bay.
endeavour's astronauts connected the first two building blocks of the international space station on sunday, creating a seven-story tower in the shuttle cargo bay.
endeavour's astronauts connected the first two building blocks of the international space station on sunday, creating a seven-story tower in the shuttle cargo bay.
washington _ nasa and the russian space agency have agreed to set aside a last-minute russian request to launch an international space station into an orbit closer to mir, officials announced friday.
a last-minute alarm forced nasa to halt thursday's launching of the space shuttle endeavour, on a mission to start assembling the international space station.
the planet's most daring construction job began friday as the shuttle endeavour carried into orbit six astronauts and the first u.s.-built part of an international space station that is expected to cost more than $100 billion.
following a series of intricate maneuvers and the skillful use of the space shuttle endeavour's robot arm, astronauts on sunday joined the first two of many segments that will form the international space station.
in his most candid remarks yet on the economy, european central bank president wim duisenberg said friday that growth appears to be slowing in the 11 countries adopting the eu common currency _ or euro _ on jan.
in a surprise move, nations adopting the new european currency, the euro, dropped key interest rates thursday, effectively setting the rate that will be adopted throughout the euro zone on jan.
making their first collective decision about monetary policy, the 11 european nations launching a common currency on jan. 1 cut interest rates thursday in a surprise move that won market confidence.
china made trading in the euro official monday, announcing authorization for the european common currency's use in trade and financial dealings starting jan.
two days before the new euro currency goes into effect for 11 european union members, a growing number of danes believe their country should take part, according to a poll published tuesday.
the annual inflation rate in the 11 nations that adopt the euro as their shared currency on jan. 1 fell to 0.9 percent in november, the european union's statistics agency reported wednesday.
wim duisenberg, the head of the new european central bank, said in an interview published wednesday that he won't step down after completing half his term as earlier agreed.
europe's dream of monetary union becomes reality thursday when 11 nations irrevocably lock their currencies together to form the euro and create an economic giant whose boundaries stretch from beyond the arctic circle to the shores of the mediterranean.
struggling to avoid being sidelined in the continent-wide equities market promised by europe's soon-to-be-introduced single currency, french authorities said thursday that the paris stock exchange would join an alliance between london and frankfurt that is seen as the precursor of a pan-european market.
palm pilot in one hand, cellular phone in the other, jean-marc routiers, 26, was juggling business calls halfway between london and paris.
indonesia on tuesday denied claims that its troops massacred more than 40 east timorese recently, and criticized portugal for suspending u.n.-sponsored talks over the future of the troubled territory.
taiwan's foreign ministry on thursday blamed ``administrative negligence'' for an incident in which nobel peace prize winner josi ramos-horta was left stranded at the airport for hours after being refused entry.
bent on revenge for earlier attacks on churches, mobs set fire to four mosques in west timor monday after a protest and strike by thousands of christians degenerated into a riot, the military and a muslim leader said.
protesters on sunday urged australian military leaders to identify indonesian army officers trained here to allow closer monitoring of human rights abuses in east timor.
protesters on sunday urged australian military leaders to identify indonesian army officers trained here to allow closer monitoring of human rights abuses in east timor.
representatives of exiled east timorese pro-independence groups said friday that indonesian troops attacked unarmed civilians in a village in the disputed southeast asian territory, killing one east timorese and wounding 22 others.
representatives of exiled east timorese pro-independence groups said friday that indonesian troops attacked unarmed civilians in a village in the disputed southeast asian territory, killing one east timorese and wounding 22 others.
representatives of exiled east timorese pro-independence groups said friday that indonesian troops attacked unarmed civilians in a village in the disputed southeast asian territory, killing one east timorese and wounding 22 others.
in a decision welcomed as a landmark by portugal, european union leaders saturday backed calls for a referendum to decide the fate of east timor, the former portuguese colony occupied by indonesia since 1975.
as a u.n. envoy trotted toward an indonesian army helicopter, east timorese protesters spilled onto the runway tarmac and shouted their anger at nervous soldiers.
there's room for a few more names on a 20th century honor roll of writers, and one will be added this week when the swedish academy announces the latest nobel literature laureate.
when alfred nobel wrote the directions establishing a literature prize in his name, he chose an unclear word and scratched out a few letters.
portuguese novelist jose saramago, whose capricious vision includes a section of europe breaking off and floating out to sea, on thursday was named the winner of the 1998 nobel literature prize.
jose saramago became the first writer in portuguese to win the nobel prize for literature on thursday. his personal delight was seconded by a burst of public elation in his homeland.
a day after winning the nobel prize for literature, portuguese novelist jose saramago insisted that while he was delighted to win the award, it could just as easily have gone to many other portuguese writers.
former u.s. president jimmy carter, who seems a perennial nobel peace prize also-ran, could have won the coveted honor in 1978 had it not been for strict deadline rules for nominations.
robert f. furchgott, louis j. ignarro and ferid murad of the united states on monday won the nobel medicine prize. they were given the prize for their discoveries concerning nitric oxide as a signaling molecule in the cardiovascular system, according to the citiation from the karolinska lnstitute.
three american researchers on monday won the nobel medicine prize for discovering how nitric oxide acts as a signal molecule in the cardiovascular system, a breakthrough with applications ranging from hardening of the arteries to impotence.
jose saramago, a 75-year-old portuguese writer who took up literature relatively late in life and whose richly imaginative novels soon won him a following of loyal readers across europe and vocal admirers in the united states, was awarded this year's nobel prize in literature thursday by the swedish academy in stockholm.
three american pharmacologists were awarded the nobel prize on monday for their surprising discoveries of how natural production of a gas, nitric oxide, can mediate a wide variety of bodily actions.
ariel sharon, the hawkish former general tipped to be israel's next foreign minister, said in an interview published sunday that if he gets the job, he won't shake the hand of palestinian leader yasser arafat.
brief biography of ariel sharon, named israel's foreign minister: ___ 1928: born in kfar mallal in british-ruled palestine. 1948 mideast war: fights as junior officer, wounded three times.