 saudi arabia's top sports official, prince faisal bin fahd, is studying a proposal by the olympic council of asia to at least send a symbolic delegation to the dec. 6-20 games, said the official, speaking on condition of anonymity.
 india and pakistan have fought three wars since becoming independent in 1947.
 the pakistanis say all their athletes and officials for the games opening sunday have been told not to even think of the wonder drug and ``night life ideas.''
 king bhumibol adulyadej, the world's longest-reigning monarch, was upstaged slightly by japan's naoko takahashi.
 qin yongmin's latest run-in with the authorities came as he tried for the second time in a week to legally register a human rights monitoring group.
 police in xinyang, in central china's henan province, took an jun away wednesday afternoon and held him until past midnight for questioning about the group's members, said the information center of human rights and democratic movement in china.
 two beijing police officers spent 30 minutes telling zha jianguo to stop trying to set up a political opposition party.
 foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao refused to specify what laws were broken or how xu wenli and qin yongmin endangered the state.
 qin yongmin's and wang youcai's families were running out of options wednesday to help the pair, leading organizers of a budding opposition political party.
 ``xu wenli is suspected of involvement in activities damaging to national security and has violated relevant criminal codes of the people's republic of china,'' said a statement from the foreign ministry, which on tuesday declined to comment on the arrest.
 the decision to try the leader, wang youcai, a founder of the china democracy party, with unusual speed suggests how serious the communist authorities are in their campaign to destroy the fledgling party and silence dissidents who had begun to speak out over the last year.
 not only that, but carville went beyond his customary denunciations of gingrich and the republicans and, in an interview, trained his fire on leaders in his own party for not being sufficiently aggressive four weeks before election day.
 president clinton called it an ``astonishing'' triumph of issues over investigations and said the democrats had won so many major victories ``because they had a clear message.''
 the soul-searching and recriminations _ and a possibility of congressional leadership challenges _ came as election results showed that republicans had been unable to increase their 55-45 hold over the senate and that democrats had picked up five seats in the house.
 the soul-searching and recriminations _ and a possibility of congressional leadership challenges _ came as election results showed that republicans had been unable to increase their 55-45 hold over the senate and that democrats had picked up five seats in the house.
 the soul-searching and recriminations _ and a possibility of congressional leadership challenges _ came as election results showed that republicans had been unable to increase their 55-45 hold over the senate and that democrats had picked up five seats in the house.
 at the same time, a small band of republicans vowed on thursday that they would not vote to re-elect gingrich under any circumstances, a move that, because of the republicans' shrunken house majority, could tie the party in knots for months because it could throw the speakership to a democrat.
 but gingrich's counter-campaign has given some members pause about ousting him.
 catching virtually everyone on capitol hill by surprise, gingrich announced friday night in two conference calls to other republicans that he would not seek re-election as speaker in the nov. 18 vote and would leave congress altogether when his term expires in january.
 the government's prosecution and microsoft corp.'s defense, to a striking degree, are legal campaigns waged with electronic messages.
 the proposed deal is a complex, three-way transaction involving aol, netscape and sun microsystems inc. aol, the leading on-line service with more than 14 million subscribers, would acquire netscape's popular site on the world wide web and its software business.
 the proposed deal is a complex, three-way transaction involving aol, netscape and sun microsystems inc. aol, the leading on-line service with more than 14 million subscribers, would acquire netscape's popular site on the world wide web and its software business.
' the dow jones industrial average rose 214.72 points, or 2.34 percent, to 9,374.27.
 ``from a legal standpoint, this proposed deal pulls the rug out from under the government,'' william neukom, microsoft's senior vice president for legal affairs, said monday morning on the courthouse steps.
2 billion.
 but it does not lessen the need for the justice department to vigorously pursue its antitrust suit against microsoft, the dominant player in software.
 now, the company has to get serious if it is to win the hearts and minds of corporate executives in pin-stripe suits.
 now, the company has to get serious if it is to win the hearts and minds of corporate executives in pin-stripe suits.
 the dow jones industrial average, which plunged 237.90 points on wednesday, fell an additional 210.09, or by 2.7 percent, to close at 7,632.53.
 ``the president clearly understands that such a ban would be a clear violation of our rights ... that would mean a return to the iron curtain in everyday life,'' said presidential spokesman dmitry yakushin.
 kuchma did not elaborate in his comments to a group of ukrainian economists, saying only that the changes were necessary because of the country's economic problems.
 deputies voted 240-47 to prepare a revised version of the decree and debate it later in the month.
 ``privatization will be accomplished for growth of production, growth of investment and growth of production effectiveness through renewal of major funds,'' primakov said during a meeting of western businessmen.
 ``i want to repeat once more _ there is no program,'' prime minister yevgeny primakov said.
 in a year's time, many predicted in hallway chatter, the troubles in thailand and indonesia would look like a replay of mexico in 1995 _ a rough bump in the road for a world enjoying remarkable prosperity.
 but the nation that bore tolstoy and chekhov, and still regards a well-written letter as a labor of love, is buckling a little this week, because it can no longer wish good health to baba anya in omsk.
 in her first comprehensive review of u.s.-russian relations since primakov was confirmed as prime minister last month, albright said washington was ``deeply concerned'' about russia's direction and did not think the crisis there would soon abate.
 but now that communists or politicians with the communist stamp of approval are running the country and its economy the question is what the marchers will be demonstrating against.
 the daily milliyet quoted eyewitnesses as saying they saw convoys of armored vehicles approaching the 600-kilometer (375-mile) border; the daily cumhuriyet said around 10,000 troops were being deployed.
 prime minister benjamin netanyahu also stressed israel's hands-off approach to the escalating dispute between damascus and ankara.
 mubarak left after the two-hour meeting without speaking to reporters.
 mubarak left after the two-hour meeting without speaking to reporters.
 turkish president suleyman demirel said that turkey was in a position of self-defense and had suffered for many years from damascus' sheltering of the autonomy-seeking rebels.
 egypt already has launched a mediation effort to try to prevent a military confrontation over turkish allegations that syria is harboring turkish kurdish rebels.
 egypt already has launched a mediation effort to try to prevent a military confrontation over turkey's allegations that syria is harboring turkish kurdish rebels.
 prime minister rafik hariri said his country backs syria in the dispute which was triggered sunday when turkish president suleyman demirel warned damascus that his country would not allow its neighbor to continue sheltering kurdish rebels.
 ``sources of tension are being created in our region,'' government spokesman dimitris reppas said.
 he called for a ``diplomatic dialogue'' to defuse the tension, said assad's spokesman jubran kourieh.
 sayonara, raced by american computer billionaire larry ellison, has only been beaten once since it was launched in 1995 and is aiming for its second win in the 630 nautical mile bluewater classic.
 all three maxis reported in at the same latitude during saturday night's positioning report when they were about 30 nautical miles south of jervis bay on the new south wales south coast.
 the australian maritime safety authority (amsa) said it had alerted all shipping in the strait as high winds and huge seas smash into the remnants of the 115-boat fleet.
 a helicopter rescue team flew to a spot about 50 nautical miles off the far south new south wales town of merimbula early monday morning.
 a helicopter rescue team flew to a spot about 50 nautical miles off the far south new south wales town of merimbula early monday morning.
 the two dead were found on the 40-foot vessel business post naiad, about 100 kilometers (60 miles) off the new south wales state town of merimbula, according to the australian search and rescue coordination center (aussar) in canberra.
 the two dead were found on the 40-foot (12-meter) vessel business post naiad, about 60 miles (100 kilometers) off the new south wales town of merimbula, according to the australian search and rescue coordination center in canberra.
 the two dead were found on the 40-foot (12-meter) vessel business post naiad, about 60 miles (100 kilometers) off the new south wales town of merimbula, according to the australian search and rescue coordination center in canberra.
 ``there are two that have been confirmed deceased which is tragedy because in the 54-year history of the race i think there's only two people who have died in it before,'' said australian maritime safety authority spokesman david gray.
 robin poke, a spokesman for the australian maritime safety authority (amsa), admitted it was unlikely the 33-year-old charles could survive more than 24 hours at sea after being washed off sword of orion on sunday night.
 ``let's go do this,'' said commander robert cabana.
 stacking the two giant cylinders 240 miles above the earth was considered the most difficult part of the mission.
 it was the first time that the russian-built zarya control module and the made-in-america unity chamber had ever touched.
 it was the first time that the russian-built zarya control module and the made-in-america unity chamber had ever touched.
 it was the first time that the russian-built zarya control module and the made-in-america unity chamber had ever touched.
 it was the first time that the russian-built zarya control module and the made-in-america unity chamber had ever touched.
 while putting the new station closer to russia's 12-year-old mir station would make it easier to transfer equipment and supplies from the old outpost to the new one, the request came too late to be acted on, said randy brinkley, nasa's space station program manager.
 another attempt for endeavour and its crew of six astronauts is scheduled for friday at 3:36 a.m.
 after a last-minute alarm on the shuttle forced a postponement early thursday, the launch went off flawlessly at 3:36 friday morning, right on schedule.
 the shuttle and its crew of six snared the russian-made zarya control module after chasing it around the earth in ever-closing orbits throughout the day.
 1.
 1.
 ten of the 11 countries joining european economic union dropped their key interest rate to 3 percent, with portugal making the most significant plunge, from 3.75 percent.
 1.
 the survey by the megaphone polling institute said 54 percent of the 1,009 people surveyed favor denmark's participation, while 36 percent oppose that.
 the fall continued the steady decline of inflation in the euro-zone over the past year.
 ``i had hoped you wouldn't ask me that question.
 the euro's birth is being hailed as a historic turning point in international finance and is arguably the greatest single step in the drive to create a united europe from the ruins of world war ii.
 the bourse in paris also announced that it would play host to a meeting nov. 27 of nine other european exchanges to discuss ``the steps and conditions needed to create a unifying and competitive pan-european equity market.''
 when his phone went dead as the high-speed eurostar train pulled into the underwater tunnel that links england to the continent, the london-based french banker loosened his italian silk tie and introduced himself.
 foreign minister ali alatas questioned whether portugal truly wanted to settle the problem of east timor, a former portuguese colony, the official antara news agency reported.
 opposition supporters alleged the incident wednesday night was politically motivated.
 a rampaging crowd also burned down a market and a muslim school.
 the australian military holds joint training exercises with indonesian troops, including the elite commando units accused ot atrocities in east timor.
 the australian military holds joint training exercises with indonesian troops, including the elite commando units accused ot atrocities in east timor.
 the attack took place tuesday near cailaco in east timor, a former portuguese colony, according to a statement issued by the pro-independence christian democratic union of east timor.
 the report could not be independently confirmed, and indonesian officials were not immediately available for comment.
 the report could not be independently confirmed, and indonesian officials were not immediately available for comment.
 ``a definitive solution to the east timor question will not be possible without free consultation to establish the real will of the east timorese people,'' the 15 eu leaders said in statement after their year-end summit.
 sent to make peace in indonesian-controlled east timor, jamsheed marker's recent hasty departure from the troubled territory signaled how easily tensions there can boil over.
 who is chosen and why stimulates animated conversation with readers as well as academics, critics and the authors themselves.
 questions about the prize have engaged and piqued the literary world ever since.
 in its citation, the swedish academy said it gave the award to saramago for work that ``with parables sustained by imagination, compassion and irony continually enables us to apprehend an elusory reality.''
 saramago, 75, and portuguese said they were pleased the swedish academy had finally acknowledged the literary contribution of portugal, a small country of 10 million people bordering spain on europe's southwestern iberian peninsula.
 ``i'm not the only one who deserved it'', said the first portuguese-language author to obtain the prestigious award.
 that prize was shared by egyptian president anwar sadat and israeli prime minister menachem begin for signing the camp david peace accords.
 furchgott is a pharmacologist at the state university of new york in brooklyn, ignarro is at university of california-los angeles and murad is at the university of texas medical school in houston.
 the prestigious prize went to robert f. furchgott, louis j. ignarro and ferid murad.
 a tall, balding man whose large, tinted glasses often give him a mien of severity, saramago is the first portuguese-language writer _ and one of the first card-carrying communists _ to become a nobel literature laureate.
 those include widening blood vessels, helping to regulate blood pressure, initiating erections, battling infections, preventing formation of blood clots and acting as a signal molecule in the nervous system.
 sharon, who opposes ceding west bank land to the palestinians, is being considered for the government's no.
 1953: forms elite commando unit ``101'' and leads it on raids against palestinian guerrillas who had been attacking israeli border villages.