 government and opposition parties have asked king norodom sihanouk to host a summit meeting after a series of post-election negotiations between the two opposition groups and hun sen's party to form a new government failed.
 negotiations to form the next government have become deadlocked, and opposition party leaders prince norodom ranariddh and sam rainsy are out of the country following threats of arrest from strongman hun sen. hun sen complained monday that the opposition was trying to make its members' return an international issue.
 the cambodian people's party criticized a non-binding resolution passed earlier this month by the u.s. house of representatives calling for an investigation into violations of international humanitarian law allegedly committed by hun sen. events mentioned in the resolution include hun sen's coup last year against his co-prime minister, prince norodom ranariddh, and his violent crackdown in september against anti-government demonstrations.
 disputes over the presidency have been a major stumbling block in talks between the two-party opposition bloc and the cambodian people's party to form a new government.
 in a long-elusive compromise, opposition leader prince norodom ranariddh will become president of the national assembly resulting from disputed elections in july, even though hun sen's party holds a majority of 64 seats in the 122-member chamber.
 hun sen and ranariddh, co-prime ministers in a coalition formed in 1993 after a landmark u.n.-sponsored election, often clashed over power-sharing and the integration of guerrilla fighters from the crumbling khmer rouge.
 the assurances were aimed especially at sam rainsy, leader of a vocally anti-hun sen opposition party, who was forced to take refuge in the u.n. offices in september to avoid arrest after hun sen accused him of being behind a plot against his life.
 mitch was drifting west at only 2 mph (3 kph) over the bay islands, honduras' most popular tourist area.
 at least 32 people were killed and widespread flooding prompted more than 150,000 to seek higher ground.
 mexico reported one death from mitch last monday.
 that is in addition to least another 600 people elsewhere in the country, bolanos said.
 eu spokesman pietro petrucci said the funds will be used to provide basic care such as medicine, food, water sanitation and blankets to thousands of people whose homes were destroyed by torrential rains and mudslides.
 speaking during his general audience, the pope urged ``all public and private institutions and all men of good will'' to do all they can ``in this grave moment of destruction and death.''
 foreign aid and pledges of assistance poured into central america, but damage to roads and bridges reduced the amount of supplies reaching hundreds of isolated communities to a trickle: only as much as could be dropped from a helicopter, when the aircraft can get through.
' ``it seems to me that what has happened there (in london) is universal meddling,'' castro told reporters covering the ibero-american summit being held here sunday.
 chilean officials, meanwhile, issued strong protests and sent a delegation to london on sunday to argue for pinochet's release.
 pinochet, who has vowed to fight attempts to extradite him to spain on allegations of murder, genocide and torture, had drinks with lady thatcher and her husband, denis, in their home in london's elite belgravia district four days before he was hospitalized for back surgery performed oct. 9.
 ``despite everything that has been written, this is not a decision for the british government or the spanish government,'' british prime minister tony blair said in an interview published by a spanish newspaper on wednesday.
 ``there is a climate of division, confrontation and instability in chile,'' parliamentary deputy alberto espina told reporters in madrid after meeting the chilean ambassador.
 ``sometimes it should be made clear that crimes, wherever they take place, cannot be left unpunished,'' european commission president jacques santer said.
 ''this is very painful for our family,'' a tearful lucia pinochet told reporters late friday outside the private london clinic, where her husband is under arrest as he recuperates from back surgery.
 ``both myself and mr. aznar agree this is not a matter for us to discuss,'' british prime minister tony blair said, referring to spanish leader jose maria aznar.
 weekend newspaper reports in spain said a spanish judge who ordered pinochet's arrest has issued a petition aimed at freezing any accounts the 82-year-old general might have in luxembourg and switzerland.
 in london, where pinochet has been under arrest in a clinic for the last 10 days, a phalanx of british lawyers argued before the high court of justice that the arrest order sent from spain was illegal because the general, 82, is not a spanish citizen.
 mamdouh mahmud salim, 40, of sudan, has been jailed since his arrest near munich on sept. 16 by bavarian authorities acting on a u.s. warrant.
 and that excuse is osama bin laden, the man washington calls enemy no.
 the blast at the embassy building in downtown nairobi killed 213 people, 12 of them americans, and injured 5,400.
 mufti abdul hye and manzoor ahmed, editors at ``jago mujahid'' or ``wake up mujahid,'' a monthy magazine published from dhaka, the bangladeshi capital, were jailed for a month shortly after their arrest on wednesday.
 the taliban, who control about 90 percent of afghanistan, on friday closed their three-week inquiry into allegations that osama bin laden is waging a war of terror against the united states.
 the newspaper quoted fatos klosi, the head of shik, the albanian intelligence service, as saying that bin laden's network had sent units to fight in kosovo, the neighboring serbian province.
s. intelligence officials.
 according to the officials, white house lawyers conducted a secret review in the months before the attack and concluded that such operations are legal under u.s. and international law.
 the organization, the author complained, had declared war against the united states, yet he had learned of that only from the news media.
 if the players win, the owners will be liable for about dlrs 800 million in guaranteed salaries, although they have vowed to appeal if they lose.
 if the players win, the owners will be liable for about dlrs 800 million in guaranteed salaries, although they have vowed to appeal if they lose.
 when there was no one to pass to, he reconfigured the play until a teammate was open.
 citing stalled negotiations with the players association over a new collective bargaining agreement, league officials said they would decide next week whether to cancel the first week of regular season games.
' but ewing, president of the national basketball association players association, played the public-relations game tuesday by expounding on the themes of labor unrest: strong-willed unity and short-sighted proposals.
 still, a five-hour meeting that was described as cordial by the league and ``almost like two bulls letting off a little steam'' by the players association produced another scheduled round of talks next tuesday.
 it is the first time in the league's 51-year history that it will lose regular-season games.
 but neither the players nor the owners are counting on the ruling by the arbitrator, john feerick, to speed up negotiations, especially if feerick finds in favor of the players, an award that could approach $800 million in salaries.
 there is a real possibility that most, if not all, of the coming season will be canceled.
 the attack occurred overnight wednesday in the village of chiondo near kasese, 270 kilometers (170 miles) west of the capital kampala, said the spokesman, who identified himself only as lt. majera.
 ``besides, the (kabila) government has been using the internet to tell their side of the story.''
 ``besides, the (kabila) government has been using the internet to tell their side of the story.''
 etienne ngangura, a rebel spokesman, said the rebel fighters were inside kindu and had taken the adjacent, large airbase, 380 kilometers (235 miles) west of goma, the rebel stronghold.
 after trekking several hundred kilometers (miles) through dense tropical forest, thousands of rebel fighters have gathered 19 kilometers (11 miles) outside kindu, where troops loyal to president laurent kabila have used an air base as a launching pad for offensives.
 it was impossible to say who had the upper hand in the battle for kindu and its air base, which government forces have been using to launch airstrikes on eastern towns and to assemble ground troops.
 a congo airlines executive said the victims were civilians being evacuated from kindu, about 1,000 kilometers (620 miles) east of the capital, kinshasa.
 fighting in kindu, 32 kilometers (20 miles) northeast of the elila river bridge, died down after the rebels fired a barrage of artillery into the government-held quarters and the air base, four kilometers (two miles) away.
 fighting for the town of kindu in this vast west african nation subsided after rebels launched an artillery barrage into government-held buildings and the airfield, two miles (three kilometers) away.
 a quarter of a century later, the 56-year-old businessman who also ran hotels and a tourist camp is broke; the farmers group is a memory.
 prime minister mahathir mohamad, 72, said last week he could ``drop dead'' at any time.
 both presidents have hinted they might not attend the meeting of the 18 asia-pacific economic cooperation nations next month in the malaysian capital out of concern for anwar.
 ambassador jose brillantes said in a radio interview from kuala lumpur that he was called thursday after the malaysian dissident's eldest daughter met philippine president joseph estrada.
 canada, the host country, was criticized by some in canada for cracking down on demonstrations against suharto, indonesia's iron-fisted ruler at the time.
 lee decided to send chiang pin-kung to the informal leaders summit on nov. 17-18 after ``giving much thought'' to an invitation from malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad, the ministry said.
 among the necessary steps is for countries to restructure their economies and corporations to make them less susceptible to abuse by narrow political interests, the officials suggested.
 pacific rim leaders, including u.s. president bill clinton, will sample local dishes at a luncheon planned for the end of their two-day summit.
 they could hardly be meeting in a more provocative place.
 israel radio said the 18-member cabinet debate on the wye river accord would resume only after yasser arafat's palestinian authority fulfilled all of its commitments under the agreement, including arresting islamic militants.
 the islamic militant group hamas, which has tried to stop the peace agreement, claimed responsibility, police said.
 two people were killed and at least 21 injured when an explosives-rigged car blew up friday at jerusalem's mahane yehuda market, only meters (yards) from the site of a suicide bombing 16 months ago.
 the decision came less than three hours after a car rigged with explosives blew up in an outdoor market in downtown jersualem.
 ``this heroic operation is not the first and not going to be the last,'' the group said in a leaflet faxed to news organizations.
 ``we will build also in har homa as we will build in every part of jerusalem,'' netanyahu told a crowd of political supporters in jerusalem, ``by 2000 there will be homes at har homa.''
 ``we will build also in har homa as we will build in every part of jerusalem,'' netanyahu told a crowd of political supporters in jerusalem, ``by 2000 there will be homes at har homa.''
 implementation of the israeli-palestinian land-for-security accord, signed oct. 23 in washington, was to have begun this past week, but has hit various snags.
 palestinian officials said they had jailed several of the small but radical group's members from the west bank, and raided and then shut down a nursery school linked to the organization in bethlehem, which is controlled by the palestinians.
 relatives say that the 21-year-old palestinian from this village near jerusalem showed no sign that he was heading for a suicide mission with his brother-in-law as part of a secret cell of islamic holy war.
 after first suggesting that the former deputy prime minister had beaten himself on the face, neck and arms during 10 days in police custody, prime minister mahathir mohamad called for an investigation of the wounds anwar displayed in court tuesday and wednesday.
 ``the eu urges the malaysian authorities to ensure that similar incidents will not occur again in the future and that anwar ibrahim be assured correct treatment while in custody,'' a statement by the 15 eu countries said.
 although the government said police would ``check every bit of information and leaflet'' posted on the internet, malaysia's sole internet provider acknowledged friday the medium is ``impossible to control.''
 munawar ahmad aness, a friend and speech writer of anwar ibrahim, pleaded guilty to the charges last month, allegedly confessing to having sex with the political dissident.
 prime minister mahathir mohamad, 72, said last week he could ``drop dead'' at any time.
 anwar was fired by prime minister mahathir mohamad on sept. 2 after the two differed on economic policy.
 it almost came true.
 holbrooke said he will explain the ``extreme gravity of the situation'' when he meets yugoslav president slobodan milosevic later monday.
 fearing airstrikes, yugoslav generals put the nation's air defense on high alert, but tried a belated compromise by moving some tanks and other heavy equipment out of kosovo.
 fearing airstrikes, yugoslav generals put the nation's air defense on high alert, but tried a belated compromise by moving some tanks and other heavy equipment out of kosovo.
 fearing airstrikes, yugoslav generals put the nation's air defense on high alert, but tried a belated compromise by moving some tanks and other heavy equipment out of kosovo.
 in new york, u.n. secretary-general kofi annan said ``systematic terror'' had been inflicted on kosovo civilians within recent days and that yugoslav forces were mostly responsible.
 but nato secretary-general javier solana told reporters that the alliance believed yugoslavia had not yet met the conditions demanded by the u.n. security council.
 but there was no sign that slobodan milosevic was backing down.
 but slobodan milosevic showed no signs of backing down.
 milosevic, who on one hand is excoriated by washington as the scourge of kosovo yet on the other hand is treated as key to peace in bosnia, acted as the european union, nato and the united nations prepared for a review on monday of possible military intervention.
 north korea needs a minimum 4.5 million to 5 million tons of grain to feed its 23 million people, but managed last year to harvest just 2.8 million tons, namanga ngongi, deputy head of the world food program said.
 the visit has been delayed a month because of a dispute over 500 cattle donated by chung ju-yung, founder of the hyundai group, during a trip to the north in june.
 kim myong sup, 23, had been living in hiding in a ``third country'' since fleeing north korea last year, the ministry of foreign affairs and trade said.
 the officials warned against international complacency and hostility toward north korea as the food crisis stretches on and the isolated communist country shows little willingness to adopt far-reaching changes to revive its ruined economy.
 several years of flooding and droughts coupled with an economic downturn have heavily damaged north korea's crop production and capacity to import food in the closed, communist nation.
 it will be the largest sports delegation the communist country has sent abroad in recent years.
 though north korea is suffering from a simple lack of food, a faltering economy in cambodia combined with weak health care and education is causing similar levels of malnutrition in children, said ken davies, the wfp's country director.
 a police official in the jilin city of tonghua, near the north korean border, said the north koreans were forced to repatriate because some had resettled illegally in china, had formed criminal gangs or engaged in prostitution.
 the congressman, tony hall, d-ohio, who has had a longtime interest in world hunger, passed through tokyo on his return to the united states and showed photographs he had taken of north korean children with patchy hair, protruding bones, open sores and other signs of severe malnutrition.
 the study, the first scientific nutritional survey in north korea, confirms the disturbing reports by international aid workers, who over the past year have gained increasing access to the population of this highly isolated and secretive country.
 arrests were made throughout bangkok during a four-day crackdown on panhandlers.
 two of the players, fan zhiyi and sun jihai, play for crystal palace in the english first division.
 bhichai rattakul, deputy prime minister and president of the bangkok asian games organizing committee, asked the foreign ministry to urge the saudi government to reconsider withdrawing its 105-strong team.
 the three horses originally came from iran, but arrived in thailand after a training period in the united states.
 saudi arabia's top sports official, prince faisal bin fahd, is studying a proposal by the olympic council of asia to at least send a symbolic delegation to the dec. 6-20 games, said the official, speaking on condition of anonymity.
 india and pakistan have fought three wars since becoming independent in 1947.
 the pakistanis say all their athletes and officials for the games opening sunday have been told not to even think of the wonder drug and ``night life ideas.''
 king bhumibol adulyadej, the world's longest-reigning monarch, was upstaged slightly by japan's naoko takahashi.
 qin yongmin's latest run-in with the authorities came as he tried for the second time in a week to legally register a human rights monitoring group.
 police in xinyang, in central china's henan province, took an jun away wednesday afternoon and held him until past midnight for questioning about the group's members, said the information center of human rights and democratic movement in china.
 two beijing police officers spent 30 minutes telling zha jianguo to stop trying to set up a political opposition party.
 foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao refused to specify what laws were broken or how xu wenli and qin yongmin endangered the state.
 qin yongmin's and wang youcai's families were running out of options wednesday to help the pair, leading organizers of a budding opposition political party.
 ``xu wenli is suspected of involvement in activities damaging to national security and has violated relevant criminal codes of the people's republic of china,'' said a statement from the foreign ministry, which on tuesday declined to comment on the arrest.
 the decision to try the leader, wang youcai, a founder of the china democracy party, with unusual speed suggests how serious the communist authorities are in their campaign to destroy the fledgling party and silence dissidents who had begun to speak out over the last year.
 not only that, but carville went beyond his customary denunciations of gingrich and the republicans and, in an interview, trained his fire on leaders in his own party for not being sufficiently aggressive four weeks before election day.
 president clinton called it an ``astonishing'' triumph of issues over investigations and said the democrats had won so many major victories ``because they had a clear message.''
 the soul-searching and recriminations _ and a possibility of congressional leadership challenges _ came as election results showed that republicans had been unable to increase their 55-45 hold over the senate and that democrats had picked up five seats in the house.
 the soul-searching and recriminations _ and a possibility of congressional leadership challenges _ came as election results showed that republicans had been unable to increase their 55-45 hold over the senate and that democrats had picked up five seats in the house.
 the soul-searching and recriminations _ and a possibility of congressional leadership challenges _ came as election results showed that republicans had been unable to increase their 55-45 hold over the senate and that democrats had picked up five seats in the house.
 at the same time, a small band of republicans vowed on thursday that they would not vote to re-elect gingrich under any circumstances, a move that, because of the republicans' shrunken house majority, could tie the party in knots for months because it could throw the speakership to a democrat.
 but gingrich's counter-campaign has given some members pause about ousting him.
 catching virtually everyone on capitol hill by surprise, gingrich announced friday night in two conference calls to other republicans that he would not seek re-election as speaker in the nov. 18 vote and would leave congress altogether when his term expires in january.
 the government's prosecution and microsoft corp.'s defense, to a striking degree, are legal campaigns waged with electronic messages.
 the proposed deal is a complex, three-way transaction involving aol, netscape and sun microsystems inc. aol, the leading on-line service with more than 14 million subscribers, would acquire netscape's popular site on the world wide web and its software business.
 the proposed deal is a complex, three-way transaction involving aol, netscape and sun microsystems inc. aol, the leading on-line service with more than 14 million subscribers, would acquire netscape's popular site on the world wide web and its software business.
' the dow jones industrial average rose 214.72 points, or 2.34 percent, to 9,374.27.
 ``from a legal standpoint, this proposed deal pulls the rug out from under the government,'' william neukom, microsoft's senior vice president for legal affairs, said monday morning on the courthouse steps.
2 billion.
 but it does not lessen the need for the justice department to vigorously pursue its antitrust suit against microsoft, the dominant player in software.
 now, the company has to get serious if it is to win the hearts and minds of corporate executives in pin-stripe suits.
 now, the company has to get serious if it is to win the hearts and minds of corporate executives in pin-stripe suits.
 the dow jones industrial average, which plunged 237.90 points on wednesday, fell an additional 210.09, or by 2.7 percent, to close at 7,632.53.
 ``the president clearly understands that such a ban would be a clear violation of our rights ... that would mean a return to the iron curtain in everyday life,'' said presidential spokesman dmitry yakushin.
 kuchma did not elaborate in his comments to a group of ukrainian economists, saying only that the changes were necessary because of the country's economic problems.
 deputies voted 240-47 to prepare a revised version of the decree and debate it later in the month.
 ``privatization will be accomplished for growth of production, growth of investment and growth of production effectiveness through renewal of major funds,'' primakov said during a meeting of western businessmen.
 ``i want to repeat once more _ there is no program,'' prime minister yevgeny primakov said.
 in a year's time, many predicted in hallway chatter, the troubles in thailand and indonesia would look like a replay of mexico in 1995 _ a rough bump in the road for a world enjoying remarkable prosperity.
 but the nation that bore tolstoy and chekhov, and still regards a well-written letter as a labor of love, is buckling a little this week, because it can no longer wish good health to baba anya in omsk.
 in her first comprehensive review of u.s.-russian relations since primakov was confirmed as prime minister last month, albright said washington was ``deeply concerned'' about russia's direction and did not think the crisis there would soon abate.
 but now that communists or politicians with the communist stamp of approval are running the country and its economy the question is what the marchers will be demonstrating against.
 the daily milliyet quoted eyewitnesses as saying they saw convoys of armored vehicles approaching the 600-kilometer (375-mile) border; the daily cumhuriyet said around 10,000 troops were being deployed.
 prime minister benjamin netanyahu also stressed israel's hands-off approach to the escalating dispute between damascus and ankara.
 mubarak left after the two-hour meeting without speaking to reporters.
 mubarak left after the two-hour meeting without speaking to reporters.
 turkish president suleyman demirel said that turkey was in a position of self-defense and had suffered for many years from damascus' sheltering of the autonomy-seeking rebels.
 egypt already has launched a mediation effort to try to prevent a military confrontation over turkish allegations that syria is harboring turkish kurdish rebels.
 egypt already has launched a mediation effort to try to prevent a military confrontation over turkey's allegations that syria is harboring turkish kurdish rebels.
 prime minister rafik hariri said his country backs syria in the dispute which was triggered sunday when turkish president suleyman demirel warned damascus that his country would not allow its neighbor to continue sheltering kurdish rebels.
 ``sources of tension are being created in our region,'' government spokesman dimitris reppas said.
 he called for a ``diplomatic dialogue'' to defuse the tension, said assad's spokesman jubran kourieh.
 sayonara, raced by american computer billionaire larry ellison, has only been beaten once since it was launched in 1995 and is aiming for its second win in the 630 nautical mile bluewater classic.
 all three maxis reported in at the same latitude during saturday night's positioning report when they were about 30 nautical miles south of jervis bay on the new south wales south coast.
 the australian maritime safety authority (amsa) said it had alerted all shipping in the strait as high winds and huge seas smash into the remnants of the 115-boat fleet.
 a helicopter rescue team flew to a spot about 50 nautical miles off the far south new south wales town of merimbula early monday morning.
 a helicopter rescue team flew to a spot about 50 nautical miles off the far south new south wales town of merimbula early monday morning.
 the two dead were found on the 40-foot vessel business post naiad, about 100 kilometers (60 miles) off the new south wales state town of merimbula, according to the australian search and rescue coordination center (aussar) in canberra.
 the two dead were found on the 40-foot (12-meter) vessel business post naiad, about 60 miles (100 kilometers) off the new south wales town of merimbula, according to the australian search and rescue coordination center in canberra.
 the two dead were found on the 40-foot (12-meter) vessel business post naiad, about 60 miles (100 kilometers) off the new south wales town of merimbula, according to the australian search and rescue coordination center in canberra.
 ``there are two that have been confirmed deceased which is tragedy because in the 54-year history of the race i think there's only two people who have died in it before,'' said australian maritime safety authority spokesman david gray.
 robin poke, a spokesman for the australian maritime safety authority (amsa), admitted it was unlikely the 33-year-old charles could survive more than 24 hours at sea after being washed off sword of orion on sunday night.
 ``let's go do this,'' said commander robert cabana.
 stacking the two giant cylinders 240 miles above the earth was considered the most difficult part of the mission.
 it was the first time that the russian-built zarya control module and the made-in-america unity chamber had ever touched.
 it was the first time that the russian-built zarya control module and the made-in-america unity chamber had ever touched.
 it was the first time that the russian-built zarya control module and the made-in-america unity chamber had ever touched.
 it was the first time that the russian-built zarya control module and the made-in-america unity chamber had ever touched.
 while putting the new station closer to russia's 12-year-old mir station would make it easier to transfer equipment and supplies from the old outpost to the new one, the request came too late to be acted on, said randy brinkley, nasa's space station program manager.
 another attempt for endeavour and its crew of six astronauts is scheduled for friday at 3:36 a.m.
 after a last-minute alarm on the shuttle forced a postponement early thursday, the launch went off flawlessly at 3:36 friday morning, right on schedule.
 the shuttle and its crew of six snared the russian-made zarya control module after chasing it around the earth in ever-closing orbits throughout the day.
 1.
 1.
 ten of the 11 countries joining european economic union dropped their key interest rate to 3 percent, with portugal making the most significant plunge, from 3.75 percent.
 1.
 the survey by the megaphone polling institute said 54 percent of the 1,009 people surveyed favor denmark's participation, while 36 percent oppose that.
 the fall continued the steady decline of inflation in the euro-zone over the past year.
 ``i had hoped you wouldn't ask me that question.
 the euro's birth is being hailed as a historic turning point in international finance and is arguably the greatest single step in the drive to create a united europe from the ruins of world war ii.
 the bourse in paris also announced that it would play host to a meeting nov. 27 of nine other european exchanges to discuss ``the steps and conditions needed to create a unifying and competitive pan-european equity market.''
 when his phone went dead as the high-speed eurostar train pulled into the underwater tunnel that links england to the continent, the london-based french banker loosened his italian silk tie and introduced himself.
 foreign minister ali alatas questioned whether portugal truly wanted to settle the problem of east timor, a former portuguese colony, the official antara news agency reported.
 opposition supporters alleged the incident wednesday night was politically motivated.
 a rampaging crowd also burned down a market and a muslim school.
 the australian military holds joint training exercises with indonesian troops, including the elite commando units accused ot atrocities in east timor.
 the australian military holds joint training exercises with indonesian troops, including the elite commando units accused ot atrocities in east timor.
 the attack took place tuesday near cailaco in east timor, a former portuguese colony, according to a statement issued by the pro-independence christian democratic union of east timor.
 the report could not be independently confirmed, and indonesian officials were not immediately available for comment.
 the report could not be independently confirmed, and indonesian officials were not immediately available for comment.
 ``a definitive solution to the east timor question will not be possible without free consultation to establish the real will of the east timorese people,'' the 15 eu leaders said in statement after their year-end summit.
 sent to make peace in indonesian-controlled east timor, jamsheed marker's recent hasty departure from the troubled territory signaled how easily tensions there can boil over.
 who is chosen and why stimulates animated conversation with readers as well as academics, critics and the authors themselves.
 questions about the prize have engaged and piqued the literary world ever since.
 in its citation, the swedish academy said it gave the award to saramago for work that ``with parables sustained by imagination, compassion and irony continually enables us to apprehend an elusory reality.''
 saramago, 75, and portuguese said they were pleased the swedish academy had finally acknowledged the literary contribution of portugal, a small country of 10 million people bordering spain on europe's southwestern iberian peninsula.
 ``i'm not the only one who deserved it'', said the first portuguese-language author to obtain the prestigious award.
 that prize was shared by egyptian president anwar sadat and israeli prime minister menachem begin for signing the camp david peace accords.
 furchgott is a pharmacologist at the state university of new york in brooklyn, ignarro is at university of california-los angeles and murad is at the university of texas medical school in houston.
 the prestigious prize went to robert f. furchgott, louis j. ignarro and ferid murad.
 a tall, balding man whose large, tinted glasses often give him a mien of severity, saramago is the first portuguese-language writer _ and one of the first card-carrying communists _ to become a nobel literature laureate.
 those include widening blood vessels, helping to regulate blood pressure, initiating erections, battling infections, preventing formation of blood clots and acting as a signal molecule in the nervous system.
 sharon, who opposes ceding west bank land to the palestinians, is being considered for the government's no.
 1953: forms elite commando unit ``101'' and leads it on raids against palestinian guerrillas who had been attacking israeli border villages.
 prime minister benjamin netanyahu named sharon foreign minister on friday, effectively putting the hard-liner in charge of negotiating israel's final borders with the palestinians.
 prime minister benjamin netanyahu named sharon foreign minister on friday, effectively putting the hard-liner in charge of negotiating israel's final borders with the palestinians.
 in beirut, lebanese newspapers denounced the appointment as a ``disaster'' for peace.
 in beirut, lebanese newspapers denounced the appointment as a ``disaster'' for peace.
 ``it is time to deliver,'' saeb erekat told reporters sunday night after a meeting of the palestinian cabinet.
 with his blunt tongue, barrel chest and bar-scrapper's demeanor, sharon at 70 is to his many critics here a caricature of right-wing intransigence.
 with his appointment, sharon, 70, an ardent advocate for jewish settlements in the west bank, is expected to quell domestic opposition to the concessions that netanyahu is supposedly prepared to make at a peace summit conference in the washington area next week.
 the most optimistic reading is that sharon, long an implacable foe of the palestinians, is prepared to make peace with them and then sell it to the israelis who are most opposed.
 ioc executive board member marc hodler said the scholarship fund _ described as ``humanitarian aid'' by salt lake officials _ amounted to a ``bribe.''
' _ ``finalist cities and any third parties acting for them or on their behalf or in their favor are forbidden to conclude with ioc members, their relations, relatives by marriage, their guests or companions, agreements, transactions or any other contracts.''
 marc hodler, a senior member of the international olympic committee executive board, alleged malpractices in the voting for the 1996 atlanta games, 2000 sydney olympics and 2002 salt lake games.
 marc hodler, a senior member of the international olympic committee executive board, alleged malpractices in the bid campaigns for the games of 1996, 1998, 2000 and 2002.
 nagano mayor tasuku tsukada was responding to allegations by marc hodler, the swiss member of the ioc executive board, of systematic buying and selling of the olympic games.
 asked whether he might resign, hodler said, ``no, i don't resign.
 marc hodler, the swiss member of the ioc executive board, said samaranch had ordered him to keep quiet.
 samaranch said he was surprised at the allegations of corruption in the international olympic committee made by senior swiss member marc hodler.
 ``it is a serious problem we have before us,'' samaranch, president of the international olympic committee, said in a hastily arranged news conference at a tumultuous meeting of the ioc executive board.
 as part of the latest mideast peace accord, israeli and palestinian officials were to sign a protocol for the airport friday and palestinian negotiators said gaza international airport would open sunday.
 as part of the latest mideast peace accord, israeli and palestinian officials were to sign a protocol for the airport friday and palestinian negotiators said gaza international airport would open sunday.
 despite such temporary shortcomings, gaza international airport is set to open tuesday, aided by a little improvisation and a lot of patriotic pride.
 an egypt air plane was the first to land on the desert tarmac in the southern gaza strip at 8:30 a.m. (0630 gmt).
 an egypt air plane was the first to land on the desert tarmac in the southern gaza strip at 8:30 a.m. (0630 gmt).
 the falcon f-50 short-haul plane carried 48 passengers, mostly palestinian businessmen and students.
 palestinian airport workers refused to allow israeli security officials to check the identity of passengers who arrived on an egyptian plane sunday afternoon, most of whom worked for the palestinian authority, according to civilian airport authority director nir yarkoni.
 palestinian airport workers refused to allow israeli security officials to check the identity of passengers who arrived on an egyptian plane sunday afternoon, most of whom worked for the palestinian authority, according to civilian airport authority director nir yarkoni.
 a plane bound for amman, jordan was delayed for two hours over an israeli demand that palestinian officials inspect the luggage of a palestinian passenger, israel radio reported.
 </text></doc>
 col. gadhafi, whose country is under a u.n. air embargo, arrived by land for ``a visit of brotherhood and rest'' at the invitation of president zine el abidine ben ali, an official statement said.
 improved health will enable gadhafi to ``carry on his leading role in the service of islamic causes in the world,'' farrakhan was quoted as saying by the radio, monitored by the british broadcasting corp. later, state-run television showed gadhafi _ dressed in a brown robe and holding a cane _ meeting farrakhan at his ceremonial tent in the libyan capital, tripoli.
 during his visit to tunis, annan is to meet with authorities here to discuss ``major regional and international issues and the various initiatives aimed at solving unresolved problems,'' according to the local press.
 annan's one-day, 2nd graf pvs </text></doc>
 annan's one-day visit to meet with libyan leader col. moammar gadhafi followed reports in the libyan media that gadhafi had no authority to hand over the suspects.
' annan's comments came saturday after he and gadhafi failed to agree on handing over abdel basset ali al-megrahi and lamen khalifa fhimah, who are suspected in the 1988 bombing that killed 270 people.
' annan's comments came saturday after he and gadhafi failed to agree on handing over abdel basset ali al-megrahi and lamen khalifa fhimah, who are suspected in the 1988 bombing that killed 270 people.
 ``we want to be sure that the only aim of the trial is to show the truth ... and that it is held without a political or security background,'' justice minister mohammed belgasim al-zuwiy said.
 the television, monitored in cairo, did not say where the meeting took place, but it showed gadhafi, dressed in a muddy brown gown and matching cap, receiving the qatari minister in a tent.
 the hundreds who packed dryfesdale parish church heard messages from british prime minister tony blair and u.s. president bill clinton, who renewed their vows to punish the culprits who hid the bomb in a suitcase on dec. 21, 1988.
 italian authorities captured abdullah ocalan at rome's international airport thursday.
' in rome, 1,500 kurds massed for a second day of demonstrations outside the military hospital where ocalan is believed to be held.
' kurds in italy, germany, austria and romania launched protests and hunger strikes in fervent shows of solidarity with the rebel leader.
 ocalan, whose kurdistan workers party has waged a 14-year war with turkey for autonomy in southeastern turkey, is in prison custody in rome where his arrest was announced friday.
 kurds from across western europe have been streaming into rome to show their support for ocalan (pronounced oh-jah-lan), who was arrested thursday when he stepped off a plane from moscow.
 the italian, mario calascibetta, was taken hostage sunday by a group of inmates affiliated with mob leader yasar oz, to push for the return to turkey of rebel leader abdullah ocalan, turkey's most-wanted man.
 most of those sent back since the crackdown began saturday were refused entry into italy because they had no visas or residence permits, the austrians said.
 kurdish business leaders said the one-day shutdown monday cost their 1,000 businesses some dlrs 700,000, daily evenimentul zilei reported.
 president thomas klestil's invitation for the visit was issued to take place during austria's european union presidency.
 turkey wants italy to extradite the rebel, abdullah ocalan, leader of the kurdistan workers' party, which is seeking kurdish autonomy in southeastern turkey.
 it was unclear wednesday whether talks were continuing.
 it was unclear wednesday whether talks were continuing.
 in energy as in businesses like financial services, telecommunications and automobiles, global competition and technology have made unthinkable combinations practical, even necessary.
 even before that combination came to light, deal-making was fast and furious.
 still, big oil and small oil are getting squeezed by low petroleum prices and the high capital costs of exploration.
 oil stocks led the way as investors soaked up the news of continuing talks between exxon and mobil on a merger that would create the world's largest oil company.
 the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said ``the prospects were good'' for completing an agreement.
 oil companies of all stripes are getting squeezed by low petroleum prices and the high capital costs of exploration.
 those divestitures would further reshape an industry already undergoing a broad transformation because of the low price of oil.
 ``i think it's a terrible thing,'' said dick mabry, a refinery operator, as he emerged in the plant's artificial twilight from the main gate after his 12-hour shift ended at 4:30 on sunday morning.
 ``it has suddenly come to my attention that there are individuals working together with the media who are investigating my personal background in an effort to find indiscretions which may be exploitable against me and my party on the eve of the upcoming historic vote on impeachment,'' livingston declared in a statement after appearing before a shocked house republican conference to head off the disclosure as it surfaced in news reports.
 his previous 24 hours had been his most visible in the month since his party nominated him as speaker and perhaps the most excruciating in his public career: he spent most of the day in a chaotic procedural wrangle over the terms of friday's debate; he ended it by telling his republican colleagues that he had had extramarital affairs during his 20-year tenure in congress.
 the smart money argues that the senate could not muster the 67 votes that would be needed to remove the wounded president from office, which would require the defection of 12 democrats if all the republicans stand against him.
 his mind and the minds of his followers were closed.
 they may have to do that to washington.
 built by a russian company and to be launched atop a russian booster rocket, the 24-ton zarya (sunrise) control and cargo module is a u.s.-funded component of the station.
 russian space officials and others cheered as ground control announced that the capsule had separated from its booster rocket and reached its first orbit at about 200 kilometers (125 miles) above the earth.
 a russian proton booster rocket carried the module into its initial orbit 200 kilometers (125 miles) above the earth and the unit was operating as planned, officials said.
 flight controllers fired one of the module's two maneuvering engines to raise it to an orbit about 230 kilometers (157 miles) in space, the station's public affairs office said.
 stacking the two giant cylinders 240 miles above the earth was considered the most difficult part of the mission.
 it was the first time that the russian-built zarya control module and the made-in-america unity chamber had ever touched.
 it was the first time that the russian-built zarya control module and the made-in-america unity chamber had ever touched.
 for the second time this week, jerry ross and james newman floated out the hatch of the shuttle endeavour to work on the seven-story, 35-ton station taking shape in the open cargo bay.
 while putting the new station closer to russia's 12-year-old mir station would make it easier to transfer equipment and supplies from the old outpost to the new one, the request came too late to be acted on, said randy brinkley, nasa's space station program manager.
 the module, called zarya from the russian term meaning sunrise or dawn, took a flawless ride into space atop a three-stage russian proton booster rocket that lifted off at 1:40 a.m. eastern time from the baikonur cosmodrome in kazakhstan.
 not since the early 1980s have so many countries been in recession, and the crisis now threatens to cripple latin america's developing economies.
 the draft declaration said recent financial market turmoil shows that adjustments must be made quickly ``to keep the difficulties affecting a few from becoming a crisis for all.''
 so they're considering paying with products instead of cash.
 a joint statement by the imf and the brazilian government said the two sides agreed brazil should aim to reduce its budget deficit from an expected eight percent of gross domestic product to zero by 2000.
 eager to bolster the sagging economy, cardoso wants to slash dlrs 19 billion from the budget deficit, and he's beginning by paring perks for the more than 2,000 workers at the presidential palace in brasilia, the capital.
 eager to bolster the sagging economy, cardoso wants to slash dlrs 19 billion (23.5 billion reals) from the budget deficit, and he's beginning by paring perks for the more than 2,000 workers at the presidential palace in brasilia, the capital.
 cardoso wants to impose tough measures that would slash government spending and impose new taxes to try to halt the slide in brazil's economy and restore investor confidence.
 in washington, pedro parente, executive secretary of the brazilian finance ministry, offered only details on brazil's plans for raising a primary account surplus over the next three years.
 details of the u.s. contribution, which is expected to total several billion dollars in direct aid or loan guarantees, have yet to be negotiated.
 without naming his source, rep. kim deog-ryong of the parliament's foreign affairs committee said he had ``information'' that two underground facilities captured on u.s. spy satellite photos may be nuclear plants.
 president kim dae-jung, appearing with clinton at a news conference, pledged to ``spare no effort in supporting the u.s. endeavor'' to resolve the nuclear question.
 president kim dae-jung, appearing with clinton at a news conference, pledged that his government would ``spare no effort in supporting the u.s. endeavor'' to resolve the nuclear question.
 the north's official korean central news agency reported that north korean soldiers and people of all walks of life were ``on full alert for war.''
 the delegation, led by charles kartman, will press for access to the site, which american intelligence agencies believe could be the centerpiece of an effort to revive a frozen nuclear arms program.
 the congressman, tony hall, d-ohio, who has had a longtime interest in world hunger, passed through tokyo on his return to the united states and showed photographs he had taken of north korean children with patchy hair, protruding bones, open sores and other signs of severe malnutrition.
 the united states rejected the request during meetings this week in pyongyang, the north korean capital, between north korean officials and a u.s. government delegation.
 in the 1950s, the leftist leaders of iran and guatamala made the top 10, in the '60s it was populated by diem and sukarno and other southeast asians.
 the appeal came during a meeting with reporters at which he also counseled patience over iraq's refusal to comply with a request from weapons inspectors.
 ``lately, signs of danger have intensified,'' clinton said in an address to airmen here, standing before a gunmetal gray f-16 and a-10 parked nose-to-nose.
 clinton has stopped apologizing for his conduct with monica lewinsky, but he has taken to making glancing, at times humble, references to it, before moving on to attack the republican congress as indifferent to americans' needs.
 price is a centrist who has represented this high-tech district in north carolina for all but 2 of the last 12 years, a political scientist who has taught at duke and yale.
 d'amato.
 ``speaker newt gingrich's office,'' it said, was calling to discuss a ``national leadership award.''
 this year, voinovich, a republican who is barred from seeking a third term, is running again, this time for the senate seat held by john glenn, a democrat who is retiring.
 this year, voinovich, a republican who is barred from seeking a third term, is running again, this time for the senate seat held by john glenn, a democrat who is retiring.
 he is of lithuanian descent, has a pocket of lithuanians in his hometown of collinsville and wants to try to highlight his support for the baltic states' past efforts against soviet repression.
 but the reporters who had gathered there showed little interest in the shiny train car at the senator's back.
 charles schumer.
 charles schumer.
 the meeting was the first international debate in yugoslavia over the u.n. tribunal's work and the government's cooperation with it.
 in a letter to the united nations security council released wednesday by the tribunal, presiding judge gabrielle kirk mcdonald of the united states said the failure of yugoslav officials to grant visas to investigators is ``an affront.''
 the yugoslav war crimes tribunal cleared zejnil delalic, a muslim, of responsibility for war crimes committed against serb captives at a bosnian government-run prison camp under his command.
 the yugoslav war crimes tribunal cleared zejnil delalic, a muslim, of responsibility for war crimes committed against serb captives at a bosnian government-run prison camp under his command.
 delalic, a muslim, was cleared of charges of war crimes committed in 1992 against serb prisoners in the muslim-led bosnian army prison camp celebici near his hometown of konjic.
 the 30-year-old former bosnian serb mechanic confessed in october to murdering 12 muslims and croats in 1992, astonishing many observers by reversing his earlier declarations of innocence.
' opening a genocide trial monday at the yugoslav war crimes tribunal, u.n. prosecutor terree bowers said the 30-year-old mechanic used the nickname adolf ``with a perverse pride in the genocidal symbolism it represented.''
 piecing together what happened, from surviving family members, ethnic albanian separatist forces and official serbian information, a story emerges of fierce guerrilla resistance to an onslaught by serbian tanks, artillery and infantry.
 maj. gen. radislav krstic, arrested without incident in the american sector in northeast bosnia, is the highest-ranking official to be seized so far, and the first serving military officer.
 ahmed qureia, speaker of the palestinian parliament, warned of possible violence if israel continues to expand settlements in the west bank and gaza strip, where the palestinians hope to establish a state.
 netanyahu, in an interview with the associated press, said the palestinians were emboldened to foment street riots and threaten to declare statehood because they believed they had the clinton administration ``in their back pocket.''
 hamas is, 2nd graf pvs </text></doc>
 israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu, meanwhile, said he has ordered the israeli army to deal with palestinian riots with a ``firm hand.''
 just a day before u.s. president bill clinton's arrival, israel also rejected a u.s. compromise on the release of palestinian prisoners, an issue that has sparked riots in the west bank.
 inside, to the tinny recorded wail of koranic verses, neighbors and relatives of the dead man _ a 21-year-old university student felled on the roof of his own home by an israeli soldier's rubber-coated bullet _ sipped tiny cups of coffee left unsweetened to symbolize the bitter occasion.
 after getting together for breakfast in clinton's hotel suite, the two leaders met at netanyahu's office and planned to talk to reporters later.
 netanyahu on wednesday briefed his cabinet on clinton's three-day visit and affirmed what he told the president a day earlier _ that he would not withdraw troops in the west bank on friday, as stipulated by the wye river peace accord.
 israel demanded revocation of the clauses at u.s.-brokered negotiations last month that led to the latest land-for-peace deal between israel and the palestinians.
 prodi had said he would call a confidence vote if the communists yanked support.
 the address to parliament was expected wednesday, followed perhaps by friday by the vote of confidence that will determine whether prodi's 2 1/2-year-old, center-left alliance stands or falls.
 ``we must respect the will of the voters.
 president oscar luigi scalfaro must now decide whether to call early elections or to ask prodi or someone else to try to forge a new majority.
 president oscar luigi scalfaro must now decide whether to call early elections or to ask prodi or someone else to try to forge a new majority.
 prodi immediately offered his resignation to president oscar luigi scalfaro, who asked him to stay on as caretaker premier while the head of state decides whether to call early elections or ask someone else to be premier.
 following the talks, which are expected to last several days, president oscar luigi scalfaro could ask prodi to try again with a new majority.
 the latest threat to the government of prime minister romano prodi came after delegates to a two-day conference of the communist refounding party voted to reject the government's proposed 1999 budget, imperiling the future of the center-left coalition.
 a leader of italy's hard-line marxist faction, known as the communist refounding party, resigned monday in protest over his party's decision to reject the government's 1999 budget and imperil prodi's slender majority in parliament.
 the collapse of his government after two and a half years, the second-longest tenure since world war ii, suggested that the chronic political instability that marked italy for decades had sprung back to life.
 in another mine explosion, a tractor driver was killed thursday in the republic, the interfax news agency reported, citing chechnya's security officials.
 an associated press reporter saw the severed heads near the village of assinovskaya, about 40 kilometers (25 miles) west of grozny, the chechen capital.
 in a statement, eu foreign affairs commissioner hans van den broek ``condemned in the strongest terms the senseless killing of the four hostages.''
 the deaths _ and the ostentatious display of the heads by killers _ prompted neighboring russian regions to close off roads into chechnya, and caused an outpouring of outrage and lament from russian and foreign officials.
 the deaths _ and the ostentatious display of the heads by killers _ prompted neighboring russian regions to close off roads into chechnya, and caused an outpouring of outrage and lament from russian and foreign officials.
 the tape was played by chechen vice president vakha arsanov at a news conference in grozny.
 mansur tagirov vanished thursday evening while returning to chechnya's capital city grozny from a small village nearby, news reports said.
 vincent cochetel, 37, who headed the regional office of the u.n. high commissioner for refugees in north ossetia, was seized by three masked gunmen in the region's capital of vladikavkaz on jan. 29.
 vincent cochetel, 37, who headed the regional office of the u.n. high commissioner for refugees in north ossetia, was seized by three masked gunmen in the region's capital of vladikavkaz on jan. 29.
 vincent cochetel, 37, who headed the office of the u.n. high commissioner for refugees in the north ossetia region, was seized by three masked gunmen in the regional capital vladikavkaz on jan. 29.
 galina starovoitova, a member of the lower house of russia's parliament from the reformist party democratic russia, was attacked in an apartment building along with her aide, the interfax news agency reported.
 galina starovoitova, a member of the lower house of russia's parliament from the reformist party democratic russia, was attacked in an apartment building along with her aide, ruslan linkov, the interfax news agency reported.
 galina starovoitova, a member of the lower house of russia's parliament from the reformist party democratic russia, was attacked the entry way of an apartment building, police said.
 galina starovoitova, a member of the lower house of russia's parliament from the reformist party democratic russia, was attacked the entry way of an apartment building, police said.
 police vowed to catch them and politicians expressed outrage.
 galina starovoitova, 52, a leader of the liberal russia's democratic choice party, was shot dead by unidentified assailants on the stairs of her apartment building in st. petersburg on friday night.
 afterward, galina starovoitova was to be buried alongside some of russia's greatest national heroes.
 addressing local and international experts, charles villa-vicencio, research head of the truth and reconciliation commission, said ignoring the psychological needs of those who carried out human rights abuses could alienate a potentially dangerous sector of society.
 the anc, which led the struggle against white rule and now is in power, previously has acknowledged it was told to expect implication in right violations.
 the 3,500-page report by the truth and reconciliation commission culminates more than two years of nationwide hearings.
 de klerk said he would sue to block the long-awaited final report of the truth and reconciliation commission, which was due for release thursday.
 the disagreement stems from thursday's release of the report by the truth and reconciliation commission on horrors committed during apartheid.
 key figures implicated in human rights abuses by the truth and reconciliation commission already are under investigation, the official, jan d'oliveira, told reporters.
 moreover, the south african state in the period from the late 1970's to early 1990's became involved in activities of a criminal nature when, amongst other things, it knowingly planned, undertook, condoned and covered up the commission of unlawful acts, including the extrajudicial killing of political opponents and others, inside and outside south africa.
 drawing from the commission's own investigations and the testimony of hundreds of applicants for amnesty and 20,000 victims, the report is a detailed look at the crimes of the apartheid era, and blames successive white governments for the vast majority.
 if you don't come forward, you will be prosecuted.
 on friday, the 22-year-old university of wyoming student was in a coma in critical condition.
 on friday, the 22-year-old university of wyoming student was in a coma in critical condition.
 on saturday, at the university of wyoming's annual homecoming parade, ``pistol pete'' and his uniformed brass band were overshadowed by a larger group of marchers _ 450 people, many wearing yellow armbands and carrying signs in support of the 21-year-old student, matthew shepard, who suffered severe head injuries in the attack last week.
 his death, announced at poudre valley hospital here, fanned the outrage that followed word of last week's attack, spawning nationwide vigils, producing a call for federal hate-crimes legislation from president clinton and fueling debates over such laws in a host of western states, including wyoming, that have resisted them.
 his death, announced at poudre valley hospital here, fanned the outrage that followed word of last week's attack, spawning nationwide vigils, producing a call for federal hate-crimes legislation from president clinton and fueling debates over such laws in a host of western states, including wyoming, that have resisted them.
 it was the latest salvo in a six-month campaign by the religious right, with the tacit, even explicit, approval of republican leaders, to demonize gay people for political gain in this election year.
 propped on a fraternity float was a straw-haired scarecrow, labeled in black spray paint: ``i'm gay.''
 ``matt believed that if he had made one person's life better, he had succeeded,'' his cousin, the rev.
 ``matt believed that if he had made one person's life better, he had succeeded,'' his cousin, the rev.
 ``matt believed that if he had made one person's life better, he had succeeded,'' his cousin, the rev.
 deniz baykal, leader of the center-left republican party whose backing in parliament helps yilmaz's minority government, said he would withdraw his support unless the premier resigned immediately.
 yilmaz' minority government could go down if the the small, center-left republican party, which usually gives him the majority he needs in parliament, votes against him.
 thursday's vote to put the motion on the agenda will be an indication of the government's chances of survival, which are said to be extremely slim.
 the invasion, after a short-lived coup by supporters of union with greece, has led to the division of the island.
 ecevit, who was asked to form a new government wednesday, desperately needs the support of the 99 deputies of ex-premier tansu ciller's center-right party.
 the military, self-appointed guardians of turkey's secular system, is adamantly opposed to the inclusion of islamic virtue, the largest party in parliament.
 in a statement reported by the anatolia news agency, ecevit said he would see president suleyman demirel monday morning.
 there is immediate fear, because an anti-abortion gunman is believed to be at large.
 that is because the availability of abortion in the buffalo area, as in much of the united states, is a complex reality, one affected by class and education, medical training and the personal convictions of individual doctors.
 the portrait that emerges of kopp, 44, from police records, studies by researchers on right-wing movements, newspaper accounts of protests, and abortion rights advocates, is that of an itinerant protester, moving about the country in a series of increasingly abrasive protests at abortion clinics.
 the man was identified as james charles kopp, 44, whose last known address was in st. albans, vt. his whereabouts are not known, investigators said.
 and, those people say, when terry was arrested on the first day of operation rescue's ``siege of atlanta,'' kopp followed him into jail.
 she was there before lambs of christ demonstrators came to town in 1993.
 the newspaper, the hamilton (ontario) spectator, has received five similar packages in the last year, some containing veiled threats and several delivered by a man who employees said resembled james charles kopp, who is wanted for questioning as a witness about the oct. 23 slaying of dr. barnett slepian.
 she runs errands, like other suburban moms, and spends much of her day taking care of her children.
 the unit, the national clinic violence task force, will include a dozen justice department lawyers and involve several law-enforcement agencies.
 there were the strangers who pawed through the garbage cans at his home and growled ``murderer'' as they passed him in the grocery store aisle.
 ``it reminded me of the gas chambers at auschwitz,'' local rescue service leader lennart olin said on national radio, describing the sight when rescuers first entered the building in goteborg, a city of half a million people on the country's west coast.
 the fast-spreading fire completely gutted the building and left rescuers facing a hideous scene that local rescue service leader lennart olin likened to a ``gas chamber.''
 the fast-spreading fire completely gutted the two-story building and left rescuers facing a hideous scene that local rescue service leader lennart olin likened to a ``gas chamber.''
 the fast-spreading fire that broke out just a few minutes before midnight thursday gutted the building and left rescuers facing a hideous scene that local rescue service leader lennart olin likened to a ``gas chamber.''
 police earlier had reported 65 dead, but backed off that figure friday evening.
 police earlier had reported 65 dead, but backed off that figure friday evening.
' the cause of the fire had not been determined as of friday evening.
 police said another 173 people were injured, 20 of them severely, in the explosive fire that engulfed the plain brick two-story building just before midnight thursday and turned a boisterous disco dance into a screaming terror in a matter of moments.
 per-olof ortarsen of goteborg's emergency services line said the call was so hard to understand that it took three minutes for workers to figure out what was going on and where to send fire trucks.
 how could it happen; what caused the flames that raced through a hall packed far beyond capacity, blocking one of the exits and forcing panicked teen-agers to flee down the one remaining staircase and leap out of second-story windows?
 there were no boos.
 ``i'm really feeling good,'' said strawberry, in a telephone interview.
 orlando hernandez has four terrific pitches, pitched seven shutout innings in the pivotal game 4 of the alcs and earned the start in game 2 of this series.
 that's not to say the umpires will mess up in the world series, but they have shown they are eminently capable of interfering with the natural progression of postseason games.
 free of worrying about his extremely uncertain future and an undisclosed personal matter that has made this post-season as perplexing as it has been pleasing.
 knowing their baseball as well as they do, everybody in the joe torre family passed up tickets for the divisional series and the league championship series as just so much parsley on the plate of life.
 martinez was so excited about the fresh bats, he reacted like a little leaguer who was wielding an aluminum bat for the first time.
 but the future of the measure was in doubt because it was attached to a spending bill that includes a controversial provision regarding the federal election commission.
 the road, barely 30 miles long, would slice across the edge of a wildlife refuge and wilderness area on the aleutian peninsula, where it would connect an isolated village called king cove to a long-range air strip in the town of cold bay.
 on monday, white house negotiators, led by chief of staff erskine bowles, tried to determine whether democrats would accept a deal to finance for six months the departments of state, justice and commerce, which oversees the census bureau.
 negotiators met into the night to hash out their disagreements over aid for schools, the census and contraceptives.
 negotiators ended a late-night session without resolving disagreements over not just education, but the census and contraceptives.
 however, no one can vote on the package just yet, because it is not finished.
 the result was chaos.
 it did not say what had caused them.
 mrs. yeltsin told the argumenty i fakty weekly that she hesitated even to touch on her husband's health ``when there is so much conjecture on this topic.''
 yeltsin appeared stiff and stumbled during another public ceremony after he arrived in tashkent, the capital of this central asian nation, and had to be supported by uzbek president islam karimov.
 yeltsin was spending the day at his gorky-9 country residence just outside moscow, and will probably not go into the office all week, his spokesman, dmitry yakushkin, told reporters.
 still, his appearance didn't silence the growing number of calls for his resignation.
 it has lost some of its urgency, as yeltsin has grown physically and politically weaker and has said he will not run again.
 government sources said the president has also called off a visit to austria later this month, but the kremlin said those plans were still going forward.
 leading the challenge was netscape communications corp., whose software for browsing the world wide web had ignited the internet boom.
 microsoft argued that allowing ``an army of government attorneys to come in and make demands will make it very difficult for us to remain in business.''
 but judging from an advance copy of the manuscript, the justice department and 20 states that are suing the software giant will find support for their arguments in the book as well.
 whatever the outcome of the trial, scheduled to begin monday in u.s. district court in washington, an almost certain appeal will leave to the supreme court the task of bringing legal order to 100 years of clashing antitrust doctrines.
 the combination has meant that this bedrock statute of antitrust policy has been at turns toothless and powerful over the years, depending on the politics and economics of the day as interpreted by the courts.
 but it has by no means been an example of consistent, coordinated public policy.
 the executive recalls telling klein that unless a case went beyond the internet browser market, it would have little effect on microsoft's power to stifle competition across the computer industry.
 in the case of microsoft, the government has invoked the sherman act to file a civil suit that seeks to change the company's business practices, not a criminal suit that seeks financial penalties.
 wearing gloves and masks, detectives from the tanzanian criminal investigation division could be seen searching the yard of the house that is surrounded by a high fence.
 police, including agents of an elite anti-terrorist unit, checked several suspects during raids in an industrial zone and other sites tuesday, but no arrests were made, said eva schuebel, spokeswoman for the federal prosecutor's office in karlsruhe.
 1 enemy as a ``hero'' to muslims worldwide.
 and that excuse is osama bin laden, the man washington calls enemy no.
 the blast at the embassy building in downtown nairobi killed 213 people, 12 of them americans, and injured 5,400.
 the taliban, who control about 90 percent of afghanistan, on friday closed their three-week inquiry into allegations that osama bin laden is waging a war of terror against the united states.
 the latest and most disturbing account suggests that nine months before the truck bombing in kenya, the department received a detailed description of the planned attack but did little to strengthen security at the embassy.
 a federal prison official said monday that the government moved under a rarely used federal rule that allows prison officials to limit an inmate's contacts to prevent future ``acts of violence and terrorism.''
 government officials immediately announced that they were offering two rewards of $5 million each for information leading to the arrest or conviction of bin laden and another man charged wednesday, muhammad atef, who was described as bin laden's chief military commander.
 judge leonard sand of u.s. district court in manhattan said he had received an eight-page letter from lawyers for two of three defendants in custody in manhattan.
 ``congratulations, your excellency the general,'' lebanese prime minister rafik hariri told army commander emile lahoud in a telephone conversation monday that was headlined on the front-page of the leftist newspaper as-safir.
 walid jumblatt, the minister for displaced persons, said he and his party's three legislators will not vote when the 128-member parliament elects the president, likely sometime before oct. 23.
 lahoud has received the backing of syria, the main power broker in the country, making the election by lebanon's pro-syrian parliament later this week just a formality.
 all the 118 legislators present at the session cast votes in his favor.
 hariri is still the front-runner to form the next government but saturday's daily star newspaper quoted sources as saying that hariri was ``outraged'' that only 62 of the 128 members in parliament declared their support for him during a meeting with lahoud friday.
 sources close to the prime minister, whose cabinet has been in care-taker capacity since last tuesday's swearing in of emile lahoud as president, said hariri turned down the invitation from lahoud to select a new cabinet.
 he accused president emile lahoud of violating the constitution and demanded that he acknowledge it before he could reconsider his position.
 qin yongmin's latest run-in with the authorities came as he tried for the second time in a week to legally register a human rights monitoring group.
 releasing liu nianchun appeared to be an attempt by the government to blunt international criticism over monday's upcoming trial of prominent dissident xu wenli.
 xu wenli's trial monday and his almost certain conviction would deprive a nascent opposition political party of a potent organizer and a moderate voice.
 the 13-year prison term given xu wenli after a 3 1/2-hour trial in beijing was the longest for a chinese dissident in three years.
 ``the reaction of chinese authorities is totally unacceptable,'' fischer said, calling for the dissidents' immediate release.
 in his second hard-line speech in six days, jiang vowed to crush any challenges to communist party rule and preserve social stability.
 a bag packed with toothbrush, toothpaste and medicine lies ready at his beijing home for the day chinese police take him away.
 after a trial that lasted just three and a half hours, xu wenli _ at 55 the dean of the dissident movement, and a man who has already spent 12 years in prison for advocating democracy _ was sentenced to 13 years for ``subversion of state power.''
 critics of china on capitol hill and human rights groups said the tough prison terms were evidence of the failure of the administration's policy of encouraging trade and diplomatic ties with china in hopes of democratic reform.