government officials immediately announced that they were offering two rewards of $5 million each for information leading to the arrest or conviction of bin laden and another man charged wednesday, muhammad atef, who was described as bin laden's chief military commander.
judge leonard sand of u.s. district court in manhattan said he had received an eight-page letter from lawyers for two of three defendants in custody in manhattan.
in response, israel's cabinet suspended implementation of the new peace accord with the palestinians.
the islamic militant group hamas, which has been trying to sabotage the agreement, claimed responsibility for the 9:45 a.m. (0745 gmt) attack in the mahane yehuda market.
the radical islamic group hamas claimed responsibility for the attack, the second suicide bombing since the signing of the land-for-security accord two weeks ago.
the radical islamic group hamas claimed responsibility for the attack, the second suicide bombing since the signing of the land-for-security accord two weeks ago.
in recent days, suicide bombers have attacked an israeli school bus in the gaza strip and jerusalem's outdoor market.
in recent days, suicide bombers have attacked an israeli school bus in the gaza strip and jerusalem's outdoor market.
friday's bombing at the open-air mahane yehuda market killed the two assailants, injured 21 israelis and jeopardized the 2-week-old israeli-palestinian peace accord.
in an interview published saturday, president hosni mubarak said if netanyahu wants to change that perception he must boldly face the setback to peace caused by friday's car bombing in jerusalem that killed the two bombers and injured 21.
the israeli cabinet immediately suspended deliberations on the peace accord that was reached in wye mills, md., last month and called on yasser arafat, the palestinian leader, to prove he was cracking down on terrorism.
the president said the accord that he helped mediate last month was ``the best way to safety for the israelis, the best way to achieve the aspirations of the palestinians and, in the end, the only answer to friday's act of criminal terror.''
while people around the world watched the beginning of the best meteor storm light show in three decades, the u.s. national aeronautics and space administration and private satellite companies rotated their high-tech machinery to face away from the approaching debris.
clouds interfered with the view from many sites, but many stargazers were rewarded with a spectacular view of meteors streaking through the skies in blazes of red and white as the leonid meteor shower reached its climax early wednesday in asia.
for the united states, therefore, the entire show will be during daylight hours and will be invisible, unless unusually bright bolides, or exploding fireballs, flash through the sky.
the meteor storm, which shot hundreds of thousands of blazing streaks across the heavens 33 years ago, is soon due to hit the earth again, and this time space scientists are concerned about its effects.
on tuesday, the earth will enter temple-tuttle's debris-strewn backwash and will then, according to many scientists, witness the most intense meteor shower in more than three decades.
on tuesday, the earth will enter temple-tuttle's debris-strewn backwash and will then, according to many scientists, witness the most intense meteor shower in more than three decades.
but scores of instruments on the ground and aboard airplanes will be aimed right at the blazing trails left by the meteors, gathering information about these visitors from space and what they do to the upper atmosphere as they burn up.
the leonids, so named because they appear to come from the constellation leo, flash through the sky in large numbers every year about this date, but once in about every 33 years the swarm is often so dense that tens or hundreds of meteors are seen each hour.
the compensation payments correspond to swissair's liability under its general conditions of carriage and are independent of any responsibility for the crash, spokesman martin kaspar said.
benoit bouchard, chairman of canada's transportation safety board, predicted it would take longer than the normal 12 months to complete a final report on the crash off the nova scotia coast that killed all 229 people aboard the new york-to-geneva flight.
benoit bouchard, chairman of canada's transportation safety board, predicted it would take longer than the normal 12 months to complete a final report on the crash off the nova scotia coast that killed all 229 people aboard the new york-to-geneva flight.
there still is no indication of the source of the heat, said the publication, ``news.''
swissair acted voluntarily to disconnect the video-on-demand system, connected to a power supply routed through the cockpit, after canadian investigators detected signs of heat damage on wiring and other debris from the ceiling around the cockpit of the md-11.
swissair acted voluntarily to disconnect the video-on-demand system, connected to a power supply routed through the cockpit, after canadian investigators detected signs of heat damage on wiring and other debris from the ceiling around the cockpit of the md-11.
as a first step, the agency said it would expand a program that focuses on the problems of aging aircraft.
the transportation safety board of canada said in a statement that there was not enough information to determine whether the heat damage was a possible source of the smoke that the pilots reported in the cockpit shortly before the crash, or whether it was ``merely the byproduct of other events.''
but such switches did not cause the crash of the md-11 being flown as swissair flight 111 on sept. 2, aviation authorities said, because the cockpit switches in that plane had already been changed.
it brought them to halifax, booked them in hotels and bused them to the crash site.
the team of six women and three men will be china's first to compete in taekwondo at the asian games, the report said.
only afghanistan is certain not to participate, said a press release from the organizing committee of the dec. 6-20 games in bangkok.
it will be the largest sports delegation the communist country has sent abroad in recent years.
china's formidable table tennis team, also missing some veteran champions, is bracing for a challenge, too, and aiming for just four to five gold medals at the games next month, another report said.
the indians, who number 980 million, have an amazing quality of discovering gods who number in hundreds of thousands.
xiong gouming, one of the 11 chinese athletes who tested positive for steroids in hiroshima four years ago, will compete in the men's 400-meter individual medley, taking his place on a team that is constantly forced to defend itself.
xiong guoming, one of the 11 chinese athletes who tested positive for steroids in hiroshima four years ago, will compete in the men's 400-meter individual medley, taking his place on a team that is constantly forced to defend itself.
``if we make no big mistake, the gold should be ours,'' chinese platform diver li na said sunday, on the eve of the start to the diving competition.
``if we make no big mistake, the gold should be ours,'' chinese platform diver li na said sunday, on the eve of the start to the diving competition.
brazil's largest stock exchange, sao paulo bovespa, lost 4.5 percent while the smaller rio de janeiro stock exchange fell 3.4 percent.
with 69.5 percent of the votes counted tuesday, president fernando henrique cardoso cardoso continued to lead with 52.4 percent of the vote.
voting was calm after polls opened at 8 a.m. (1000 gmt), showing little of the illegal but last-minute campaigning that pervaded the first-round election on oct. 4.
president fernando henrique cardoso prepares to be sworn in to a second term in office friday, but for many here the expectations are as stripped down as the commemorations.
in preliminary returns, cardoso appeared to have defeated luiz inacio lula da silva, the three-time presidential candidate of the leftist workers party, with 56 percent of the vote, a far stronger showing than polls initially predicted.
with 22 percent of the vote counted, cardoso appeared to have won 51 percent of the vote, compared with 34 percent for his main rival, luiz inacio lula da silva, the three-time presidential candidate of the leftist workers party.
but monday, as official returns indicated president fernando henrique cardoso was barely squeaking through to re-election and governors allied to him were locked in runoffs later this month, the road to reform is looming longer and more complex.
he must take rapid and unpopular steps to save the economy.
in sao paulo, however, brazil's most populous and wealthiest state, mario covas appeared likely to win re-election as governor, defeating former sao paulo mayor paulo maluf.
total spending would actually increase next year.
the talks will focus on the middle east peace process and the recent military tensions between turkey and syria over turkish allegations that syria is harboring turkish kurdish rebels, diplomats said.
