about half of 12 patients studied said their hallucinations became much less severe after the treatment, which feels like ``having a woodpecker knock on your head'' once a second for up to 16 minutes, said researcher dr. ralph hoffman.
a team led by dr. linda brzustowicz, an assistant professor of neuroscience at rutgers university's center for molecular and behavioral neuroscience in newark, studied the dna of dozens of members of 22 families in which multiple generations suffered from schizophrenia.
the study may help scientists develop drugs to treat schizophrenia and to help people stop smoking, said dr. tony george, the lead author of the study.
the finding raises doubts about the increasing number of cesarean sections performed for convenience.
the study, published in thursday's issue of the new england journal of medicine, found that having a parent or a sibling with schizophrenia increased a person's chances of developing the illness by about sevenfold to ninefold.
but a new study suggests that young men who will develop the disease may be identifiable even before any symptoms appear.
now researchers are beginning, in a systematic way, to investigate the earliest stages of schizophrenia, attempting to find signs that could predict its onset.
people with schizophrenia often display what psychiatrists describe as a ``blunting'' of emotional response that makes it difficult for them to relate to others.
the occurrence of wrinkles and creases in the palm, and ridge dissociation in the finger and palm were much higher among schizophrenic patients than in mentally-healthy adults, according to psychiatrist feng zhiying, the head of the research group.
more than 1 million soldiers, militiamen and reservists have been drafted into flood control efforts in four provinces in south and east china as flood levels on the yangtze reached levels unseen in more than four decades.
with the yangtze at record levels and threatening to rise further, officials were preparing to divert floodwaters along a section of the 6,300-kilometer- (3,900-mile-) long river described as the most dangerous.
the government, meanwhile, announced a ban on logging in western sichuan province along the upper reaches of the river to curb severe soil erosion.
another flood crest rolled down the yangtze river, china's longest river.
dikes protecting major cities were holding, but the surge this week from rain-swollen upper yangtze river tributaries would likely keep floodwaters high for weeks, state media reported.
wang jun, a senior engineer with the hydrological bureau of the yangtze river water control committee, said due to the abnormal movement of the rain front, the rainy season has remained longer than usual in the valley along the middle and lower reaches of the yangtze.
torrential rain in the upper reaches of the river will prolong dangerously high water levels in the middle and lower reaches for the foreseeable future, according to ji xuewu, director of the hydrological department under the yangtze river water conservancy committee.
the yangtze river water level at a measuring point in chongqing, in the upper reaches, hit 180 meters at 2 p.m. today, which is as high as the official danger mark.
the warning came from li antian, director of the yangtze river water resources committee (yrwrc), who said there is a high probability that the upper river valley will experience bigger floods than last year.
heavy rains in areas along the yangtze river basin and water from the upper reaches of the yangtze have combined to form the third and highest flood peak this year, pushing water levels at the middle and lower reaches close to the record high of last year.
schulz, 77, who has written, drawn, colored and lettered every ``peanuts'' strip for almost 50 years, decided to retire after being diagnosed with colon cancer in november.
``it's real sad.
the two-story museum, replete with several galleries to display schulz's mind-boggling body of work and an 11,600-square-foot courtyard, will be built in santa rosa across the street from the redwood empire ice arena that schulz built in 1969.
today charles m. schulz bids farewell to his daily installments of ``peanuts'' with the letter to readers, bringing to a close the half-century run of the world's most beloved comic strip.
it's strange to see an adult drawn by schulz _ shock of white hair, soft smile, bright eyes, clearly a grown-up.
he was 77.
fellow cartoonists had hoped to surprise schulz with the salute, which they set in motion before he became ill in november.
charles m. schulz's ``peanuts'' would mark its 50th anniversary in 2000, and ``sparky'' himself would get a lifetime achievement award.
the department is looking into whether people who use ebay to sell items falsely labeled some sports memorabilia as ``one-of-a-kind,'' a source close to the investigation told the associated press tuesday.
on the explosive frontier of internet auctions, the policy is different: bidder beware.
new york city consumer authorities confirmed yesterday that they are ``actively investigating complaints regarding alleged fraudulent sales'' at online auctioneers.
singularly successful ebay, already a legend on wall street, is raising some $1.11 billion in part to spur its international expansion in the business of selling a huge range of goods.
it's unclear, though, whether it's going to work.
for now, the new site, www.ebay-autotrader.com, lists only 2,100 used cars, for sale by their owners or by dealers.
the mother of all web auction sites is ebay, a place where many web users first learned of the excitement of an online auction.
finally this week, after years of denials, the government admitted it did use pyrotechnic devices the day the davidian's mount caramel compound burned down, killing david koresh and about 80 followers.
this is no time to ``play one off against the other,'' she said.
that evidence, rep. henry waxman charged monday, was overlooked by rep. dan burton, the house republican who is leading a new inquiry into the government's deadly standoff with the branch davidians -- and who has accused attorney general janet reno and the justice department of possibly concealing the truth from congress and the public.
that simple mistake by a ''very junior'' lawyer helped lead to the controversy over whether the government was trying to hide the fact the three canisters were fired, special counsel john danforth told a senate judiciary subcommittee.
``yeah, the military gas did not penetrate that, uh, bunker where the bus was,'' reports charlie one, an agent inside a bradley fighting vehicle.
the need for such an inquiry has been obvious from the moment the fbi acknowledged, after six years of firm denials by the agency and attorney general janet reno, that it had used incendiary tear-gas canisters during the siege.
``we join senator danforth in wishing that this report begins the process of restoring the faith of people in their government.''
' this is an important distinction.
reno's pledge came after the federal bureau of investigations (fbi) admitted that its agents may have fired potentially flammable tear gas canisters on the final day of their standoff with the the cult six years after the incident.
international olympic committee president juan antonio samaranch ordered a probe into the scholarship payments made to relatives of ioc members in the lead-up to the vote for the games.
the international olympic committee has ordered a top-level investigation into the payment of nearly dlrs 400,000 in scholarships to relatives of ioc members by the salt lake group which won the bid for the 2002 winter games.
the board's executive committee will meet in salt lake next friday.
marc hodler, a senior international olympic committee official, has accused salt lake city of funding a scholarship program to give athletic training and academic aid to youngsters from developing countries in order to win votes during its successful bid to host the 2002 winter games.
' ``these have been the three worst days i have spent in my career in sports,'' said marc hodler, a senior ioc official who rocked the olympic world with allegations of bribery and blackmail.
``you have to be disappointed when you realize that not all the players were playing by the same rules,'' quebec city 2002 bid chief rene paquet said.
``that's the absolute maximum because i trust all the others,'' marc hodler was quoted as saying in wednesday's editions of usa today.
christer persson, who led the 2002 bid from ostersund, sweden, said salt lake should reimburse the three losing cities for the millions they spent on their failed campaigns.
the former egyptian national volleyball coach, who now lives in toronto, told the salt lake tribune and the deseret news that he did not attempt to buy votes of international olympic committee members in behalf of salt lake's successful bid for the 2002 winter games.
welch, the former president of the salt lake organizing committee, is accused of bribing ioc officials in the biggest corruption scandal in olympic history.
``in the interests of all australia and indeed the sporting community, mr. coles should do the right thing and step down after the revelations of the $60,000 that was spent by salt lake city entertaining him,'' ron walker told australian broadcasting corp. radio.
agustin arroyo, an attorney and former diplomat from ecudaor who left the ioc in disgrace because of the allegations, said he regarded favors by tom welch, who headed salt lake city's winning bid, were gestures of personal generosity.
federal prosecutors in salt lake city and supervisors in the fraud section of the department's criminal division here are going over the witness interviews and the documents and records gathered since the probe got under way early this year to see if there is enough evidence to support federal criminal charges, according to the official, who requested anonymity.
the defendants, tom welch, former president of the salt lake city bid committee, and dave johnson, his chief deputy, said they were eager to defend themselves in federal district court.
that didn't happen.
the bcs made a mostly successful debut last season, with tennessee beating florida state in the fiesta bowl and becoming the unanimous choice as the national champion.
he will replace southeastern conference commissioner roy kramer, who has served as coordinator since the bcs began in 1998, the acc said wednesday.
kramer, who also is the coordinator of the bowl championship series, unveiled a rating system that will include four components to create what will be known as the bcs standings.
the rating system has four components: the average ranking in the associated press and coaches' poll, the average of three computer rankings, the strength of schedules and team records.
the rating system has four components: the average ranking in the associated press and coaches' poll, the average of three computer rankings, the strength of schedules and team records.
kramer, who also is the coordinator of the bowl championship series, unveiled a rating system that will include four components to create what will be known as the bcs standings.
the bowl championship series has released its first ranking and the ucla bruins are on top.
traditionally a game that pits the champions of the pac-10 and big ten conferences, the rose bowl is quickly becoming the centerpiece of the bcs.
questions of racial bias in nebraska's justice system.
one case asks the justices to ban the electric chair.
the survey, by the nonpartisan public policy institute of california, contrasts with polls that have consistently shown support of about 3-1 for capital punishment, both statewide and nationwide.
' a study of 4,578 appeals during those years showed that most cases ''are so seriously flawed that they have to be done over again,'' said columbia university law professor james liebman, the lead author.
the statement _ timed to coincide with good friday observances and also calling for compassion for crime victims _ reflects a growing concern about capital punishment among the bishops, as well as the continuing impact of pope john paul ii's denunciation of the death penalty during his pastoral visit to st. louis in january.
some of them have pushed for more dna testing to help acquit the unjustly convicted.
ryan found himself in the media spotlight recently as a counterexample to gov.
``the people are ahead of the politicians,'' said sen. patrick leahy of vermont, the senior democrat on the senate judiciary committee and a sponsor of the innocence protection act.
the shift is aimed at fighting off a threat to the heavy attention the state gets in the presidential campaign.
the state assembly elections committee postponed a hearing on the proposal for two days, dimming the prospect it would be signed into law by july 1, as required by national gop rules, said its principal proponent, sen. ray haynes.
the new hampshire primary debate partnership has scheduled two rounds of debates before live audiences at the university of new hampshire.
but not utah gov.
pataki's proposal, announced monday, would allow all nationally recognized republican presidential candidates onto the new york ballot and make the state's primary a winner-take-all contest for the party.
at any moment, the orderly pace of life in south carolina could be interrupted by the heavy tread and blinding smile of a republican presidential candidate.
tom cole, executive director of the republican party, and peter kadzik, a counsel for the democratic party, said the outsized impact of iowa's precinct caucuses on jan. 24 and new hampshire's first-in-the-nation primary on feb. 1 underscores the need to enable larger, more representative states to have a more powerful voice in the selection of party nominees for president.
' ``this will go down in the annals of presidential politics as a spectacular example of the dictum that just throwing money at an election doesn't win you an office,'' said larry makinson of the center for responsive politics.
contests will be held in 16 states from coast to coast and in american samoa.
in a 7-2 decision, the court called the state's system a ``severe and unnecessary'' burden on the right of a political party to define its own message and decide its own candidates.
eight actual and potential candidates addressed a crowd of 1,200 in new hampshire, which will stage the first-in-the-nation presidential primary next february when citizens cast early and closely watched votes for their preferred nominee of the party.
bauer, who became the sixth republican to quit the contest, declined to make any endorsement of the remaining candidates.
in the party's primaries for presidential nomination, mccain has won support of some republican moderates, independents and even democrats while his rival texas governor george w. bush got the staunch support of republican conservatives.
``we have genetic fingerprints that link e. coli 0157:h7 in samples of the meat from rochester meats to the patients in maine who have become ill,'' said beth gaston, spokesman for the agriculture department's food safety and inspection office.
the outbreak of the deadly bacteria at the washington county fair, about 35 miles north of albany, was likely caused by the contamination of the fair's water.
it is the second major e. coli outbreak in two weeks.
the ohio department of health said six cases of e. coli o157:h7 have been confirmed, with two in cuyahoga county and one each medina, lorain, wayne and lake counties.
disease detectives at the centers for disease control and prevention are aware of only one other such cluster, which was also in georgia: eleven children infected by a neighborhood pool in south georgia in 1996.
although that brings them closer to discovering the origin of the outbreak, the investigation is far from over, officials said.
as of friday y, state health officials had reported 611 suspected cases of e. coli poisoning, up from 497 on thursday.
the bacterium is a familiar, and usually harmless, inhabitant of the human and animal gut.
but the more than 9,200 patients who have come down with the e. coli o-157 bacteria will not be immediately rounded up into isolation wards, health and welfare minister naoto kan told a news conference.
bbc television said today that the lanarkshire old man had been in hospital suffering the food poisoning caused by the e coli bacteria since november 30.
health officials in the country's southern province of ontario are investigating the deaths of three women, all in their 80s, to decide if they died of the killer e. coli disease.
the defense department issued the proposal for public comment in august, and the comment period ended last tuesday.
there is little doubt the ban will pass, but it is certain to face a legal challenge from the banking industry, which contends that federally chartered banks are not subject to local and state laws.
the decision follows a state supreme court ruling last month that the state did not have the power to block the fees.
``in antitrust laws, agreements among competitors to set maximum fees have been held illegal,'' said barbara anthony, chief of the public protection bureau at massachusetts attorney general scott harshbarger's office.
many are shifting to their own banks' machines to avoid being charged twice for their transactions -- one fee by the bank that owns the atm, if it is a bank other than their own, and another fee by their own bank.
fleet, which expects to receive final approval for its acquisition of bankboston corp as early as next month, said it would reduce bankboston's atm surcharge to 75 cents from its current $1.
the latest battleground is san francisco, where residents will vote today on a measure to ban the fees.
u.s. district judge vaughn walker granted the banks' request for a preliminary injunction, preventing the san francisco atm surcharge ban from taking effect and prohibiting santa monica from enforcing a similar ordinance that became effective last week.
now she has devoted herself to pushing for a nationwide ban on cell phone use in cars, except in emergencies.
supporters argued the measure, raised as an amendment to a bill on child safety in motor vehicles, would reduce accidents on connecticut roads.
''at & amp ; t opposes any legislation or regulation that restricts our customers' use of their wireless phones or any law that treats wireless phones in cars any differently than any other potential distraction, such as food, drinks, children, pets, radios, cd players, tapes, shavers and computers,'' wrote dennis m. maher, director of at&amp;t's government affairs unit, in a letter dated june 19.
the councilman who sponsored the ordinance said he may seek an override.
drivers who violate the rule will face a $200 fine and two penalty points on their licenses.
mayor john coyne, 82, who is in his 52nd year in office, and who can recall when people survived without driving automobiles or talking on telephones, let alone doing both at once, believes it is just a matter of common sense.
eyes averted from the road, he slammed into the car in front of him.
smith has prefiled the measure and expects to be debated when the legislature convenes in january.
the poll, conducted may 22 to june 16 by scripps howard data center, surveyed 1,000 texans by telephone in a systematic random sample.
the problem is ailing gyroscopes, said daniel goldin, the administrator of the national aeronautics and space administration.
nasa decided wednesday to move up the next regularly scheduled hubble visit to october so that spacewalking astronauts can fix the telescope's deteriorating pointing system.
nasa approved the emergency repair mission on wednesday.
working from the shuttle discovery, four veteran astronauts will make three to four spacewalks to replace all six of the hubble's gyroscopes and make other repairs.
national aeronautics and space administration officials said the shuttle discovery and a team of spacewalking astronauts would be dispatched to replace malfunctioning gyroscopes that stabilize hubble and allow the 12.5-ton telescope to point accurately at targets across the universe.
spacewalking astronauts have trained to replace all six of the gyroscopes and make other repairs during the 10-day flight of the shuttle discovery.
the orbiting telescope shut itself down on saturday when one of the three remaining gyroscopes used to stabilize and point the observatory failed after 12 hours of erratic behavior.
this weekend, as nasa still struggles to understand the silence from mars where the mars polar lander was scheduled to touch down on friday, the space shuttle discovery is scheduled to blast off on a mission to restore the observatory.
the space shuttle, which had been chasing hubble since being launched on sunday, spent the day closing in on the observatory from below through a series of rocket firings.
with one astronaut standing on the end of the shuttle discovery's 50-foot robot arm and the other hooked to the telescope, the men used power wrenches and other tools to laboriously pull out three boxes that each contained two of hubble's six stabilizing gyroscopes and replace them with new units.
on the second spacewalk of the shuttle discovery's hubble repair mission, the astronauts, c. michael foale and claude nicollier, swapped out the observatory's central computer and one of its fine guidance sensors, a precision pointing device.
aboard shuttle discovery, which blasted off early this morning with seven crew members, there are two instruments.
discovery touched down on the runway of kennedy space center, florida, at 3:32 a.m. est under an almost full moon after passing the first landing chance one and a half hours earlier because of scattered clouds.
a federal judge in little rock, arkansas where clinton was once governor, postponed a deposition that had been scheduled friday for lewinsky, 24, to testify in paula jones' sexual harassment lawsuit against clinton.
arriving at the u.s. district court tuesday morning, jordan refused to answer reporters' questions.
starr, who is investigating allegations that president bill clinton had sex with the former white house intern and induced her to help cover it up, acted under a court order that has existed since january, the reports quoted legal sources as saying.
we, as counsel for monica lewinsky, have reached an agreement today that for her full and truthful testimony she will receive transactional immunity in this case, said plato cacheris, one of her attorneys.
security at the courthouse where the grand jury meets was notably heightened in preparation for the expected testimony of lewinsky, who is at the center of the sex and perjury allegations.
if you believe the testimony of monica lewinsky, you cannot believe the president or accept the argument of his lawyers, mccollum said in a summary of evidence on behalf of the 13 house prosecutors on the second day of their presentation.
besides, the prosecutors also sought subpoenas to question former white house intern monica lewinsky, presidential friend vernon jordan and white house aide sidney blumenthal.
meanwhile, senate republicans also shrank from a plan to declare clinton guilty without ousting him from office.
house prosecutors juxtaposed the image of lewinsky, dressed in a dark dress, her hand raised to tell the truth, with the now-famous footage of the january 1998 news conference in which clinton denied sexual relations with that woman, ms.
``full interoperability will take some time after accession,'' george robertson told journalists after talks with his czech counterpart, vladimir vetchy.
canada also supports nato membership applications by the other five members of the now defunct warsaw pact, chretien said while accompanying czech prime minister vaclav klaus to the canadian parliament.
czech prime minister vaclav klaus, who is on a one-day visit to hungary, said after meeting hungarian prime minister horn gyula that the two countries shared the same interests over joining nato and the eu.
he said he was disgusted with the remarks made by russian ambassador nikolai rjabov and was waiting to hear what the russian government had to say on the issue.
chernomyrdin, the first russian prime minister to visit the country since the former czechoslovakia split in 1993, will meet his czech counterpart, vaclav klaus, and czech parliament leaders.
the invitation marks the official implementation of nato's eastward expansion plan, which came into being three and a half years ago.
vaclav havel and goncz arpad, presidents of the czech republic and hungary, after their meetings here today, stressed to reporters the importance of strengthening the political, economic and military cooperation among the three countries.
he reiterated that the alliance's expansion will not be frozen.
at the harry truman library in independence, the three foreign ministers of bronislaw geremek of poland, janos martonyi of hungary and jan kavan of the czech republic signed formal documents of accession.
at a hearing of the house government reform committee's census panel, democrats said sampling would help account for those people who did not, or refused, to return a census form.
rep. dan miller, r-fla., chairman of the house government reform committee's census panel, said some census bureau employees may have been pressured by performance-based incentives while others took procedural shortcuts in gathering information.
a panel of three federal judges will decide whether the constitution requires a head count of every american, or if the statistical method known as scientific sampling _ favored by the administration and the national academy of sciences _ can be used to round out the picture of the u.s. population.
the decision was obtained from the federal district court's internet site.
the officials and proponents of the method say recent rulings by special federal courts in virginia and the district of columbia that held sampling to be illegal only covered using the method to determine population counts for the allocation of seats among the states in the house of representatives.
the clinton administration, stung by the decision, might try to conduct two counts of the u.s. population next year to ensure a true result, commerce secretary william daley said.
the clinton administration, stung by the decision, might try to conduct two counts of the u.s. population next year to ensure a true result, commerce secretary william daley said.
senators had told prewitt, head of the social science research council in new york, that he will face strong political pressures regardless of how the supreme court rules on a disputed counting method for the 2000 census.
republican gov.
local school districts will continue to decide what subjects are taught in their classrooms.
seventy-five years after the scopes ''monkey trial'' over the teaching of evolution, parts of the landmark court case were re-enacted in kansas, the latest ground zero in the battle over what to teach kids about the origin of life.
the report graded 49 states and the district of columbia and gave the highest rankings to california, connecticut, indiana, new jersey, north carolina and rhode island.
while the move does not prevent the teaching of evolution, it will not be included in the state assessment tests that students take, which may discourage teachers and students from spending time on the subject.
in a 6-4 vote, the board ignored the recommendations of a 27-member state committee of scientists that spent a year drafting new standards.
in fact, it already has one foot dragging.
and if she was a betting woman, she would wager that across the state, science and biology teachers will do the same, despite the recent decision by the kansas state board of education to remove any mention of evolution from the state's new science curriculum.
many states do not use the word ``evolution'' in science standards and one _ kansas _ has deleted all references to the age of the earth or universe.
many cities are bent on ``criminalizing homelessness'' and are failing to take advantage of existing constructive methods to treat homeless people for physical and mental problems and get them into housing and jobs, says the report by the national law center on homelessness and poverty.
the study, to be released tuesday in the american journal of public health, challenges a widely held view that the most effective way to end homelessness among families is by first resolving such problems as mental illness and substance abuse.
after all, didn't the mayor call the city's homeless problem ``intractable'' and vow in his state of the city address last month to clear the homeless from public places?
living in a car?
the no.
but the study, based on census bureau surveys in 1995 and 1996 and the most comprehensive study of homelessness ever, also found that over all, the homeless were deeply impoverished and most were ill.
in seattle, one was stabbed 18 times, another beaten bloody, then stabbed.
addressing the national assembly of tanzania, nyerere said that the world of tomorrow is of stiff competition and warned that a balkanized africa will not survive.
officials have said.
kenyan foreign minister kalonzo musyoka said on thursday that the kenyan government took exception to a statement by u.s. secretary of state madeleine albright which claimed that the current political violence in kenya was caused by nairobi's unacceptable strong-arm tactics.
the government must bring the order back and stop the violence, he said after touring three hospitals hosting clash victims in nakuru of the rift valley province.
the president's presence, personal presence and touch, will show a humane expression of care across lines, party, ethnic lines, said jackson, u.s. president bill clinton's envoy for democracy in africa, following a morning meeting with moi.
french ambassador to the central african republic jean-marc simon met last weekend with the country's president, ange-felix patasse, promising him that france will send a small contingent of soldiers to provide logistical support and back-up in the medical and health field to the u.n. force.
moi was quoted by saturday's east african standard newspaper as saying that the root cause of instability in many countries was tribalism and it should be eradicated if meaningful development was to be achieved.
speaking at the african renaissance festival in durban on the conflict challenge facing africa, buthelezi said the trc had achieved some success in investigating and portraying white-on-black violence and black-on-white violence.
``the visit is to carry on and renew our friendly contacts with bangladesh,'' k. raghunath told reporters after landing at the dhaka airport.
analysts here believe that while a long-term agreement to the contentious water-sharing problem may not be easy to come by, it is imperative, in view of improved indo-bangladeshi relations, that a short-term solution should be worked out.
the 30-year agreement resolving the nagging issue of ganges water- sharing was signed by bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina and her indian counterpart deve gowda.
the treaty, valid for 30 years, was signed by indian prime minister h.d.
india and bangladesh signed a 30-year water-sharing treaty on december 12, 1996, to resolve their long-standing dispute over the matter.
there are four disputed areas along the 856-km-long indo-bangla border with india's tripura state in the far east of the country.
vajpayee held one-to-one talks with hasina, who arrived here tuesday morning on a one-day visit to india, followed by delegation-level discussions on issues covering trade, investment, tariff concessions and cooperation in various fields, the sources said.
the assurance came from indian border security force (bsf) chief ram mohan following talks between bangladesh rifles (bdr) and bsf at the bdr headquarters here monday.
informed sources told xinhua that the two sides had two rounds of talks on the first day of a three-day high-level border conference between the bangladesh rifles (bdr) and the indian border security force (bsf).
the transmission line is but the first of many power transmission projects for the gigantic water control dam now under construction at the three gorges on the middle reaches of the yangtze river.
normally, the damming a river might be done in a dry season, which falls between late january and late february each year, with reduced water flow and drop that helps to alleviate the difficulty of locking, said lu, also deputy head of three gorges project construction committee under the state council, the country's cabinet.
the state development bank (sdb) of china, which is responsible for raising overseas funds for the project, yesterday signed agreements on the lending of loans in beijing.
the construction schedule calls for the three gorges dam to be isolated from the main stream of the yangtze river, china's longest river, between november 6-8.
with the damming of the three gorges project approaching, the application of a series of key technologies involved in the project best indicated that the project's designing has been reliable, said wang jiazhu, a hydro-engineering expert and deputy manager of the china yangtze three gorges project development corporation.
speaking at a ceremony after the blocking of the yangtze, jiang zemin, also general secretary of the cpc central committee, extended warm congratulations and cordial greetings to all project constructors and described it as a great deed in china's endeavor to achieve modernization and also a remarkable feat in the history of the mankind to transform the nature and exploit natural resources.
the building of the three gorges dam, a super-large project at the turn of the century, is of historic significance in our country's modernization drive.
the park, 45 km from the dam site, has an area of 1,967 hectares covered with about one thousand plant varieties, including 52 listed by the state as precious and rare.
qi lin, director of the yangtze three gorges project development corporation under the state council, said that 190,000 chinese civilians were resettled from damming areas by the end of november last year.
sources from the hubei province mobile telecommunications company, the developer of gsm service, said the base stations of the gsm in the three gorges dam area are capable of handling phone calls simultaneously.
the relocation project is of great significance.
``the movement of stolen vehicles became a serious problem ... after the changes in central and eastern europe,'' said interpol general secretary raymond kendall told participants in the meeting.
their foreign ministers said in a statement after a one-day meeting ``the prevention of, and the fight against, sexual exploitation of children, in particular child pornography requires concerted action.''
the criminal environment has changed at ``much greater pace'' than interpol itself, toshinori kanemoto told the opening session of the 67th general assembly of the interpol or the international criminal police organization.
the criminal environment has changed at ``much greater pace'' than interpol, toshinori kanemoto told the opening session of the 67th general assembly of the international criminal police organization.
the agency separately revised its guidelines for combating terrorism.
participants at the 4th international heroin conference said the boycott by the world's biggest heroin consuming nations ran counter to the spirit of international cooperation against drug trafficking.
atomictangerine, a 7-month-old commercial spin-off of the nonprofit sri international, plans to spend millions of dollars on the web-based system, which companies and organizations would use free of cost, said chief executive jonathan fornaci.
zhu entao, head of china's national central bureau of the international police organization (interpol), made the remarks after meeting with eddie hui ki-on, hong kong's police commissioner.
addressing the 10th un congress on crime prevention and offenders treatment, gao said that since the situation on cross- border organized crime has grown increasingly serious, we could not be successful in coping with this challenge without thorough international cooperation.
china's public security minister jia chunwang made the above remarks when addressing to today's opening ceremony of the fifth icpo-interpol heroin conference in beijing.
cashews have been trading at 8,000 dong to 10,000 dong (62-80 cents) per kilogram (2.2 pounds), well up from the ceiling price of 6,500 dong (50 cents) set by the government, the executive said.
naiman's favorite -- indeed only -- example of how bank-imposed policies inflict economic damage is the way the bank ``destroyed mozambique's cashew nut processing industry, by forcing mozambique to remove export tariffs on raw cashew nuts.''
reasons for the sharp decline have been attributed to diseases, insects, low prices, the ageing of trees, lack of care for the crop after people had been moved to ujamaa villages, bad weather and lack of experts.
to export unprocessed cashew nuts will greatly reduce raw materials for domesitc cashew nut processing industry, he said.
managing director of the indian cashew manufacturers' association t. pillai who was in sri lanka recently agreed to collaborate in this venture when he met internal and international commerce minister kingsley wickramaratne, the report said.
vietnam's cashew growers have already begun harvesting the 1999 crop.
the ministry said this in a budget report presented to the national assembly earlier this month, business times reported friday.
general secretary of the union, boaventura mondlane, said at a press conference in maputo that the government's policy of liberalizing the trade in cashews, imposed by the world bank, had led to the almost total paralysis of the local processing industry.
the air education and training command at randolph air force base made the announcement on saturday.
weapons systems.
weapons systems.
one purpose is to weed out those who lack the commitment or physical and mental attributes necessary to get through rigorous and expensive training programs for pilots and navigators.
it is such a rare event that the lesson may seem pointlessly exotic.
over the past four decades, some 7,000 civilian pilots and 4,300 aviation engineering personnel have graduated from the college, which was formerly the 14th flight school of the chinese air force set up in 1956, said cafc president wang shixiang.
the women are enrolled in the changchun flying academy for a one-year training course, sources said.
china's only higher-learning institute for professional pilots, the college began to train paying students like zhang in 1996.
``we are being forced to pull out, and we don't understand why,'' said dr. dominique lafontaine of doctors without borders, a european charity.
in a faxed statement summarizing the report, doctors without borders said that civilians, villages and goods like tractors necessary for survival ``appear to be the deliberate targets of (serb) military operations.''
the volunteer organization -- officially called by its french name medecins sans frontieres -- has played a major role in africa, as well as war zones throughout the world, breaking down barriers to reach those in need.
more than 1,000 malagasies -- as residents of this indian ocean island are called -- have died since the epidemic erupted a year ago, according to official figures.
doctors without borders ''can no longer tolerate the serious and continuous deterioration of living conditions of the ethnic minorities in kosovo,'' the group said in a statement released in pristina.
founded here in 1971 as medecins sans frontieres, by a band of french doctors disillusioned with the neutrality of the red cross, the volunteer group now has more than 2,000 personnel who are treating the wounded, the sick and the starving in 80 countries, including 20 war zones.
both doctors work at the centers for disease control in atlanta, and both are among the thousands of physicians who have volunteered for doctors without borders, the french-based medical relief group that won the prize.
michael rich, physician from lynn, mass., and another member of the group, had such a moving experience treating patients whose illnesses were aggravated by environmental conditions in uzbekistan that he is now studying public health at harvard and hopes to go abroad again.
alain guilloux, executive director of msf, said: this will be the first time that hong kong doctors and nurses unite with msf to help save lives around the world.
but the finding, announced friday, still needs to be re-tested before quieting skeptics.
first, there's the unsettling sight of water seeping through fault lines that crisscross the entrance tunnel.
the debris generally includes many particles that can race through water, mineral oil or even ice, sending shock waves of blue light through the liquid or ice.
the neutrino, a particle that carries no electric charge, is so light that it was assumed for many years to have no mass at all.
barely a mile away from the old wood houses of this village is the modern provincial town of takayama, where trailblazing physics is coming to light at an international conference on neutrino particles.
he was 80 and lived at the university campus, where he was distinguished professor emeritus in physics.
the achievement marked the opening of an experiment expected to last several years seeking evidence that neutrino particles in flight oscillate from one form to another.
a international team of scientists will announce friday that they have detected the tau neutrino, considered to be the most elusive member of nature's most ghostly family of particles, the neutrinos.
the breakthrough, announced friday, was achieved by an international collaboration of scientists at the u.s. department of energy's fermi national accelerator laboratory near chicago.
but across one of the world's least-populated regions 65,000 people in an area bigger than india anticipation of the breakup is mixed with apprehension.
the historic day culminated more than 20 years of often arduous negotiations between federal authorities and the inuit, who make up 85 percent of nunavut's 25,000 people.
until now, breakup talks have mostly been amicable.
but this frontier city, which will become north america's newest capital on april 1, is already undergoing a strange arctic boom.
at midnight, with the wind chill here hovering around 45 below zero, ottawa divided the old northwest territories in two, and nunavut, which means ``our land,'' was created from the eastern 60 percent of the region, with this remote city of 4,500 residents becoming the capital of the new territory.
after his older brother norman killed himself rather than be sent back to jail, he started drinking.
but with 250 souls, including 12 other whites, the settlement was simply too big and _ what with its hudson's bay co. trading store and royal canadian mounted police outpost _ just too urbanized to satisfy harper.
this dual attack on the pride of this 17-month-old territory seemed to highlight the rocky cultural transition of the inuit, who compose 85 percent of nunavut's 27,000 residents.
the territory, hived off from the northern northwest territory, will cover one quarter of canada's land mass, and a population of 25,000.
that vast expanse is populated by only 25,000 people--85 percent of them inuit.
the vatican and the republic of san marino are microstates located wholly within italy and use the italian lira as their currency.
the british government would not allow other european governments to use the threat of trade sanctions to bully britain into signing up for a single currency, lang told a forum on european policy.
they agreed that the single european currency must be launched at the beginning of 1999 and the timetable should not be changed unless there appear unexpected incidents.
italian president oscar scalfaro said a political government and a political parliament was absolutely essential if europe is to be what we have dreamed.
the survey, carried out by the pro-european pressure group named european movement, revealed that a majority of those polled agree that the single currency to be broadly successful, but none of them expects britain to join the european monetary union (emu) in the first wave.
i don't think the credibility of the euro is being undermined, but it is gaining credibility all the time, yves-thibault de silguy, european commissioner for economic, monetary and financial affairs, told a press conference.
president of the european commission, jacques santer, and yves-thibault de silguy, the european commissioner responsible for economic, monetary and financial affairs, made the announcement in brussels on monday.
the european legislators voted 402-79 with 27 abstentions to approve the recommendation made on march 25.
</text> </body> </doc>
hugo paemen, the european union's ambassador to washington, also said the euro would have a substantial impact on the international monetary system but the dollar would remain its linchpin for the foreseeable future.
the euro, the european single currency, made its debut in the asian markets monday, bringing new challenges and new hopes for the continent, which has been suffering from the financial crisis in the past 18 months.
a tropical storm is heading to the country and expected to bring heavy rains and high winds, the south african weather bureau in pretoria said sunday.
a tropical storm is heading to the country and expected to bring heavy rains and high winds, the south african weather bureau in pretoria said sunday.
relief agencies said they were bracing for the worst if the new storm hits.
clear weather and receding flood waters in recent days have encouraged refugees to return to their wrecked homes in hopes of salvaging some of their possessions.
from deck of the ship ft. george, five british helicopters will deliver food to 45,000 hungry flood victims near the central town of machanga, said lindsey davies, a spokeswoman for the world food program, a u.n. agency.
the messalo river overflowed its banks in the northern province of gabo delgado after a week of torrential rain, submerging up to four villages.
' this week, eagerly awaited u.s. and british military helicopters will start searching for those still stranded by devastating floods and hauling food and medical supplies to the hundreds of thousands of people left homeless.
the zambian parliament members have responded to the call to help our brothers and sisters in mozambique and so far a committee has been set up to raise money for the flood victims, said vernon mwaanga, parliamentary chief of the ruling movement for multi-party democracy (mmd).
the u.n. chief's call coincided with the announcement by the rome-based u.n. world food program (wfp) to prepare a second appeal to help mozambican flood victims.
the first step of the three months is to identify densely populated areas at risk of the displaced landmines.
in a press release issued here monday, the u.n. development program (undp) said that a disaster reduction strategy in the package for presentation to the international reconstruction conference, slated for may 3-4 in rome, includes the improvement of meteorological forecast capabilities combined with more effective monitoring of water levels and currents in the main rivers.
mozambican foreign minister leonardo simao, who signed the aid agreements respectively with the dutch and danish ambassadors to mozambique, said that the 20 million dollars disbursed by the netherlands will be used in minimizing the impact of the floods in education, water and sanitation sectors.
one estimate puts the worldwide cost of correcting the y2k problem at $600 billion.
but with careful representation of y2k preparations, companies can stay out of court.
a may survey of 100 local organizers in 28 states shows y2k activists fear confusing national readiness messages will only make matters worse.
in september 1998, the council interviewed 3,065 local companies through telephone on the impact of the y2k in hong kong.
the declaration of cooperation and support of asian y2k coordinators summarized the priorities of action which will be implemented by the regional coordinators in the asia pacific region.
of the 61 stockbroking companies, 93.8 percent would be y2k ready by the second quarter and 95.3 percent by the third quarter of this year, it said, adding that for the klse is closely monitoring the remaining stockbroking companies yet to report y2k readiness after the third quarter of 1999.
the president stressed that the y2k problem should not get in the way of the country's national efforts to be economically stable and globally competitive in the world market.
''there've been something like a total of 3,197 cases'' of murder and torture during pinochet's 1973-90 regime, ann clywd said in an interview with british broadcasting corp. radio.
pinochet, 82, in london for surgery, was held friday night after british authorities received a spanish extradition warrant, a scotland yard spokeswoman said.
responding to a spanish extradition warrant, british police announced saturday they have arrested pinochet on allegations that he murdered an unidentified number of spaniards in chile between sept. 11, 1973, the year he seized power, and dec. 31, 1983.
two spanish judges are seeking to question pinochet about the slayings of an unspecified number of spaniards in chile between sept. 11, 1973, the date he seized power, and dec. 31, 1983.
' castro compared the action with the establishment in rome in august of an international criminal court, a move cuba has expressed reservations about.
the chilean government immediately demanded his release, arguing that he has diplomatic immunity since he sits in the chilean senate.
british officials have not said where pinochet is, but scores of chilean emigres gathered sunday outside the upscale london clinic where the 82-year-old general underwent back surgery oct. 9.
now, after garzon succeeded in getting scotland yard to arrest chile's former dictator, gen. augusto pinochet, the spanish magistrate has suddenly moved closer to creating an important legal precedent, one that could make the retirement of former dictators decidedly uncomfortable.
about 200 supporters of the retired dictator gathered at the residence of the british ambassador on saturday evening to protest the arrest, some throwing fruit and eggs at the building.
pinochet, who ruled chile as a military dictator from 1973 to 1990, was granted amnesty in his homeland but was arrested on friday in london at the request of spanish authorities, who want him extradited to spain.
police, including agents of an elite anti-terrorist unit, checked several suspects during raids in an industrial zone and other sites tuesday, but no arrests were made, said eva schuebel, spokeswoman for the federal prosecutor's office in karlsruhe.
1 enemy as a ``hero'' to muslims worldwide.
' the reported meeting between bin laden and the accused man, mohamed rashed daoud al'owhali, which had not previously been described, is the strongest allegation offered so far to link bin laden to the attacks, in which more than 250 people died.
bin laden, the saudi-born islamic militant who lives in afghanistan, has long been suspected of involvement in that and other attacks on americans, including the aug. 7 bombings of two u.s. embassies in africa.
the fbi also indicated that it had learned the identities of new suspects in the blast here, and that they are at large.
s. and arab officials.
the deal never materialized, and the defendant was eventually found guilty and sentenced to life in prison.
the warning forecast the aug. 7 bombing in several particulars, the officials said.
government officials immediately announced that they were offering two rewards of $5 million each for information leading to the arrest or conviction of bin laden and another man charged wednesday, muhammad atef, who was described as bin laden's chief military commander.
judge leonard sand of u.s. district court in manhattan said he had received an eight-page letter from lawyers for two of three defendants in custody in manhattan.
in response, israel's cabinet suspended implementation of the new peace accord with the palestinians.
the islamic militant group hamas, which has been trying to sabotage the agreement, claimed responsibility for the 9:45 a.m. (0745 gmt) attack in the mahane yehuda market.
the radical islamic group hamas claimed responsibility for the attack, the second suicide bombing since the signing of the land-for-security accord two weeks ago.
the radical islamic group hamas claimed responsibility for the attack, the second suicide bombing since the signing of the land-for-security accord two weeks ago.
in recent days, suicide bombers have attacked an israeli school bus in the gaza strip and jerusalem's outdoor market.
in recent days, suicide bombers have attacked an israeli school bus in the gaza strip and jerusalem's outdoor market.
friday's bombing at the open-air mahane yehuda market killed the two assailants, injured 21 israelis and jeopardized the 2-week-old israeli-palestinian peace accord.
in an interview published saturday, president hosni mubarak said if netanyahu wants to change that perception he must boldly face the setback to peace caused by friday's car bombing in jerusalem that killed the two bombers and injured 21.
the israeli cabinet immediately suspended deliberations on the peace accord that was reached in wye mills, md., last month and called on yasser arafat, the palestinian leader, to prove he was cracking down on terrorism.
the president said the accord that he helped mediate last month was ``the best way to safety for the israelis, the best way to achieve the aspirations of the palestinians and, in the end, the only answer to friday's act of criminal terror.''
while people around the world watched the beginning of the best meteor storm light show in three decades, the u.s. national aeronautics and space administration and private satellite companies rotated their high-tech machinery to face away from the approaching debris.
clouds interfered with the view from many sites, but many stargazers were rewarded with a spectacular view of meteors streaking through the skies in blazes of red and white as the leonid meteor shower reached its climax early wednesday in asia.
for the united states, therefore, the entire show will be during daylight hours and will be invisible, unless unusually bright bolides, or exploding fireballs, flash through the sky.
the meteor storm, which shot hundreds of thousands of blazing streaks across the heavens 33 years ago, is soon due to hit the earth again, and this time space scientists are concerned about its effects.
on tuesday, the earth will enter temple-tuttle's debris-strewn backwash and will then, according to many scientists, witness the most intense meteor shower in more than three decades.
on tuesday, the earth will enter temple-tuttle's debris-strewn backwash and will then, according to many scientists, witness the most intense meteor shower in more than three decades.
but scores of instruments on the ground and aboard airplanes will be aimed right at the blazing trails left by the meteors, gathering information about these visitors from space and what they do to the upper atmosphere as they burn up.
the leonids, so named because they appear to come from the constellation leo, flash through the sky in large numbers every year about this date, but once in about every 33 years the swarm is often so dense that tens or hundreds of meteors are seen each hour.
the compensation payments correspond to swissair's liability under its general conditions of carriage and are independent of any responsibility for the crash, spokesman martin kaspar said.
benoit bouchard, chairman of canada's transportation safety board, predicted it would take longer than the normal 12 months to complete a final report on the crash off the nova scotia coast that killed all 229 people aboard the new york-to-geneva flight.
benoit bouchard, chairman of canada's transportation safety board, predicted it would take longer than the normal 12 months to complete a final report on the crash off the nova scotia coast that killed all 229 people aboard the new york-to-geneva flight.
there still is no indication of the source of the heat, said the publication, ``news.''
swissair acted voluntarily to disconnect the video-on-demand system, connected to a power supply routed through the cockpit, after canadian investigators detected signs of heat damage on wiring and other debris from the ceiling around the cockpit of the md-11.
swissair acted voluntarily to disconnect the video-on-demand system, connected to a power supply routed through the cockpit, after canadian investigators detected signs of heat damage on wiring and other debris from the ceiling around the cockpit of the md-11.
as a first step, the agency said it would expand a program that focuses on the problems of aging aircraft.
the transportation safety board of canada said in a statement that there was not enough information to determine whether the heat damage was a possible source of the smoke that the pilots reported in the cockpit shortly before the crash, or whether it was ``merely the byproduct of other events.''
but such switches did not cause the crash of the md-11 being flown as swissair flight 111 on sept. 2, aviation authorities said, because the cockpit switches in that plane had already been changed.
it brought them to halifax, booked them in hotels and bused them to the crash site.
the team of six women and three men will be china's first to compete in taekwondo at the asian games, the report said.
only afghanistan is certain not to participate, said a press release from the organizing committee of the dec. 6-20 games in bangkok.
it will be the largest sports delegation the communist country has sent abroad in recent years.
china's formidable table tennis team, also missing some veteran champions, is bracing for a challenge, too, and aiming for just four to five gold medals at the games next month, another report said.
the indians, who number 980 million, have an amazing quality of discovering gods who number in hundreds of thousands.
xiong gouming, one of the 11 chinese athletes who tested positive for steroids in hiroshima four years ago, will compete in the men's 400-meter individual medley, taking his place on a team that is constantly forced to defend itself.
xiong guoming, one of the 11 chinese athletes who tested positive for steroids in hiroshima four years ago, will compete in the men's 400-meter individual medley, taking his place on a team that is constantly forced to defend itself.
``if we make no big mistake, the gold should be ours,'' chinese platform diver li na said sunday, on the eve of the start to the diving competition.
``if we make no big mistake, the gold should be ours,'' chinese platform diver li na said sunday, on the eve of the start to the diving competition.
brazil's largest stock exchange, sao paulo bovespa, lost 4.5 percent while the smaller rio de janeiro stock exchange fell 3.4 percent.
with 69.5 percent of the votes counted tuesday, president fernando henrique cardoso cardoso continued to lead with 52.4 percent of the vote.
voting was calm after polls opened at 8 a.m. (1000 gmt), showing little of the illegal but last-minute campaigning that pervaded the first-round election on oct. 4.
president fernando henrique cardoso prepares to be sworn in to a second term in office friday, but for many here the expectations are as stripped down as the commemorations.
in preliminary returns, cardoso appeared to have defeated luiz inacio lula da silva, the three-time presidential candidate of the leftist workers party, with 56 percent of the vote, a far stronger showing than polls initially predicted.
with 22 percent of the vote counted, cardoso appeared to have won 51 percent of the vote, compared with 34 percent for his main rival, luiz inacio lula da silva, the three-time presidential candidate of the leftist workers party.
but monday, as official returns indicated president fernando henrique cardoso was barely squeaking through to re-election and governors allied to him were locked in runoffs later this month, the road to reform is looming longer and more complex.
he must take rapid and unpopular steps to save the economy.
in sao paulo, however, brazil's most populous and wealthiest state, mario covas appeared likely to win re-election as governor, defeating former sao paulo mayor paulo maluf.
total spending would actually increase next year.
the talks will focus on the middle east peace process and the recent military tensions between turkey and syria over turkish allegations that syria is harboring turkish kurdish rebels, diplomats said.
mubarak ``will head within the next few hours to syria and turkey to hold discussions,'' foreign minister amr moussa said in riyadh where mubarak met with saudi king fahd earlier.
turkey's incursion into northern iraq on friday followed two days of airstrikes against suspected rebel bases, the daily hurriyet said.
turkey's incursion into northern iraq on friday followed two days of airstrikes against suspected rebel bases, the daily hurriyet said saturday.
mubarak was met at the airport by syrian president hafez assad, and the two leaders drove straight to assad's palace for talks.
prime minister benjamin netanyahu also stressed israel's hands-off approach to the escalating dispute between damascus and ankara.
mubarak was met at the airport by syrian president hafez assad, and the two leaders drove straight to assad's palace for talks.
' ``we are trying to be patient,'' said the commander, gen. huseyin kivrikoglu, ``but that has a limit.''
mubarak met with syrian president hafez al-assad and was expected to renew his mediation bid on monday by traveling to ankara, the turkish capital, for meetings with top officials there.
a fourth soldier was missing and believed killed.
``progress has been made and we'll pursue the (east) timor issue with great commitment,'' united nations mediator jamsheed marker was quoted as saying by the portuguese news agency lusa.
n. envoy.
``we will not tolerate any activity that threatens economic or military installations in east timor or elsewhere in indonesia,'' said military spokesman maj. gen. syamsul ma'arif.
three soldiers and one pro-independence activist were killed in the raid monday on a military post, in which guerrillas stole seven guns, including some m-16 rifles.
j. habibie put an end to violence in east timor.
a woman and a child died during the clash at kandang village, about five kilometers (three miles) east of lhokseumawe, the capital of north aceh province, said yacob hamzah, a lawyer at the local legal aid office. 
portugal's attorney general's office is examining a request from lawmaker nuno correia da silva that suharto be extradited for alleged human rights abuses committed in east timor _ a former portuguese territory annexed by indonesia in 1976.
the documents date from august, and the situation might have changed since then.
marzuki darusman, the commission's vice president, said a senior commission member would investigate allegations of the executions and of arbitrary arrests by the armed forces between nov. 10 and nov. 16 in the subdistrict of alas on east timor's southern coast.
an egypt air plane was the first to land on the desert tarmac in the southern gaza strip at 8:30 a.m. (0630 gmt).
an egypt air plane was the first to land on the desert tarmac in the southern gaza strip at 8:30 a.m. (0630 gmt).
the falcon f-50 short-haul plane carried 48 passengers, mostly palestinian businessmen and students.
palestinian airport workers refused to allow israeli security officials to check the identity of passengers who arrived on an egyptian plane sunday afternoon, most of whom worked for the palestinian authority, according to civilian airport authority director nir yarkoni.
palestinian airport workers refused to allow israeli security officials to check the identity of passengers who arrived on an egyptian plane sunday afternoon, most of whom worked for the palestinian authority, according to civilian airport authority director nir yarkoni.
a plane bound for amman, jordan was delayed for two hours over an israeli demand that palestinian officials inspect the luggage of a palestinian passenger, israel radio reported.
&ur; a plane, 2nd graf, pvs </text> (profile (ws sl:bc-israel-palestinians, 1st ld; ct:i; (reg:euro;) (reg:brit;) (reg:scan;) (reg:engl;) (reg:mest;) (lang:english;)) ) </body> <trailer> ap-ny-12-30-98 1716est </trailer> </doc>
with brass bands, bag-pipes and grandiloquent speeches, palestinian officials made it clear that they see the sleekly modern airport as the most concrete symbol yet of their fledgling sovereignty.
jamal al-how from the jabaliya refugee camp could not restrain himself.
jamal al-how from the jabaliya refugee camp could not restrain himself.
''we can solve this problem very easily,'' he told the british broadcasting corp. in an interview released tuesday.
the foreign ministry said libya ``does not accept the claim that it is procrastinating to gain time as the other sides claim,'' the official libyan news agency said wednesday in a report received in cairo.
moammar gadhafi.
annan is heading to north africa beginning thursday to resume a visit cut short to deal with the iraq crisis.
annan is heading to north africa beginning thursday to resume a visit cut short to deal with the iraq crisis.
improved health will enable gadhafi to ``carry on his leading role in the service of islamic causes in the world,'' farrakhan was quoted as saying by the radio, monitored by the british broadcasting corp. later, state-run television showed gadhafi _ dressed in a brown robe and holding a cane _ meeting farrakhan at his ceremonial tent in the libyan capital, tripoli.
``i've always liked pariah countries,'' cuisenier, 27, a frenchman from marseilles, said when asked why he had included libya to a two-month journey through the region.
the new backdrop for state television broadcasts is now a map of africa, not the arab world, a slap at arab neighbors accused of being too timid to join libya's quest to get the sanctions lifted.
turkey and syria stuck the deal tuesday, ending a weeks-long standoff.
turkey officially asked russia last week to extradite ocalan, who leads the banned kurdish workers party, or pkk, which has been fighting for kurdish autonomy in turkey since 1984.
turkey officially asked russia last week to extradite ocalan, who leads the banned kurdish workers party, or pkk, which has been fighting for kurdish autonomy in turkey since 1984.
the women, who began their protest monday at the freedom for the women of kurdistan building in the armenian capital, were dancing, singing and watching kurdish television on tuesday.
necati bilican, turkey's police chief, said his country would do whatever necessary to extradite the rebel leader.
abdullah ocalan was arrested after stepping off a plane from moscow, where he had sought asylum after recently fleeing his hideout in syria, turkish and italian officials said friday.
abdullah ocalan was arrested after stepping off a plane from moscow, where he had sought asylum after recently fleeing his hideout in syria, turkish and italian officials said friday.
men and women wearing white shrouds danced to kurdish music blared through loudspeakers beneath the venetian walls of the old city.
u.s. president bill clinton telephoned british prime minister tony blair and french president jacques chirac to lobby personally for a set of proposals he put forward friday.
michel camdessus, imf managing director, predicted world growth of around 2.5 percent in 1999, creeping up from the recently revised-down figure for this year of 2 percent.
for the first time in years inflation in brazil was under control, and he and his wife had steady jobs.
the clash of approaches, which began to play out as treasury secretary robert rubin sat down saturday morning with japan's finance minister, kiichi miyazawa, reflects both the extraordinary tension and the behind-the-scenes power struggles under way as the international monetary fund and the world bank open their annual meeting here.
in preliminary returns, cardoso appeared to have defeated luiz inacio lula da silva, the three-time presidential candidate of the leftist workers party, with 56 percent of the vote, a far stronger showing than polls initially predicted.
with 22 percent of the vote counted, cardoso appeared to have won 51 percent of the vote, compared with 34 percent for his main rival, luiz inacio lula da silva, the three-time presidential candidate of the leftist workers party.
but monday, as official returns indicated president fernando henrique cardoso was barely squeaking through to re-election and governors allied to him were locked in runoffs later this month, the road to reform is looming longer and more complex.
guillermo ortiz, mexico's central bank governor and former finance minister, said that faced with the mounting financial pressures on latin america and the rest of the developing world, the $90 billion the united states wants to give the monetary fund in extra lending money would be adequate ``if things go well, but not enough for a bad scenario.''
he must take rapid and unpopular steps to save the economy.
but public announcement of those measures, eagerly awaited by investors and markets throughout latin america, appear set for delay once again.
now, in what is shaping up as a bad year for democrats, ms. boxer is struggling to hold her own against a comparative neophyte, the republican state treasurer, matt fong.
on one side is d'amato, who, as schumer said again sunday, voted to cut medicare, opposed abortion rights and battled environmentalists.
on one side is d'amato, who, as schumer said again sunday, voted to cut medicare, opposed abortion rights and battled environmentalists.
in that limited sense, the approval of a full-scale impeachment process was historic.
many said portentously that their debates and votes would be remembered for generations.
with a month to go until the election, the poll found a large number of respondents _ 60 percent _ either had no opinion about schumer, or did not know enough about him to offer an opinion.
he has described her as ``shrill,'' claims she ``has nothing positive to say about her own record'' and that her career has been ``obscured by numerous scandals and controversies.''
he has described her as ``shrill,'' claims she ``has nothing positive to say about her own record'' and that her career has been ``obscured by numerous scandals and controversies.''
two months ago, she was on the verge of urging him to resign.
the more troublesome question is how congress will bring to a conclusion the process that rep. henry hyde, r-ill., called ``this venture, this excursion, this journey.''
n. tribunal monday.
visas that were denied earlier by yugoslav authorities have now been issued, deputy prosecutor graham blewitt told a press briefing.
representatives of the 185-member assembly cast secret ballots, choosing among nine candidates nominated by their home countries.
the team, led by chief prosecutor louise arbour of canada and her deputy, graham blewitt of australia, will investigate reports of massacres and other atrocities in the troubled yugoslav province.
goran jelisic, 30, faces a maximum life prison term for the killings.
the violence highlighted kosovo's continuing potential for bloodshed despite last month's peace agreement.
the violence highlighted kosovo's continuing potential for bloodshed despite last month's peace agreement.
authorities in the federal republic of yugoslavia confirmed they would not allow louise arbour, chief prosecutor of the yugoslav war crimes tribunal, and a team of investigators to carry out investigations in the troubled region.
``in the u.n. security council, there is unanimous consent of all its members that investigators ... have full authority to do their job in kosovo,'' said david scheffer, the state department's war crimes envoy at a panel discussion held in belgrade.
heads to the fence, feet toward the house!
the four men, who were in chechnya to install a cellular phone system, were taken hostage saturday after 20 men in camouflage attacked the house where they lived in the chechen capital grozny, said shadid bargishev, head of the regional anti-kidnapping department.
``the advice could not have been clearer, the risks were known to the company and to the employees,'' said foreign office minister derek fatchett in a british broadcasting corp. radio interview.
no ransom demands have been made for the hostages, said an embassy spokeswoman, speaking on the customary condition of anonymity.
mufti akhmad khadzhi kadirov was approaching his home in the chechen capital of grozny when the bomb went off under his mercedes 600, wounding his driver, itar-tass and interfax reported.
but an associated press reporter saw four severed heads near the village of assinovskaya, about 40 kms (25 miles) west of grozny, the chechen capital.
an associated press reporter saw four severed heads near the village of assinovskaya, about 40 kms (25 miles) west of grozny, the chechen capital.
an associated press reporter saw four severed heads near the village of assinovskaya, about 40 kms (25 miles) west of grozny, the chechen capital.
an associated press reporter saw the severed heads near the village of assinovskaya, about 40 kilometers (25 miles) west of grozny, the chechen capital.
the gruesome killings heightened alarm and outrage about the volatile situation in the region, which spun out of moscow's control long ago.
addressing local and international experts, charles villa-vicencio, research head of the truth and reconciliation commission, said ignoring the psychological needs of those who carried out human rights abuses could alienate a potentially dangerous sector of society.
the anc, which led the struggle against white rule and now is in power, previously has acknowledged it was told to expect implication in right violations.
the 3,500-page report by the truth and reconciliation commission culminates more than two years of nationwide hearings.
w. de klerk, in human rights abuses after he threatened a court challenge.
the disagreement stems from thursday's release of the report by the truth and reconciliation commission on horrors committed during apartheid.
w. de klerk, in illegal acts.
moreover, the south african state in the period from the late 1970's to early 1990's became involved in activities of a criminal nature when, amongst other things, it knowingly planned, undertook, condoned and covered up the commission of unlawful acts, including the extrajudicial killing of political opponents and others, inside and outside south africa.
if you don't come forward, you will be prosecuted.
if you don't come forward, you will be prosecuted.
before a huge crowd spread over several muddy hillsides overlooking croatia's main shrine to the virgin mary, john paul beatified cardinal alojzije stepinac, elevating him to the last step before possible sainthood.
before a huge crowd spread over several muddy hillsides overlooking croatia's main shrine to the virgin mary, john paul beatified cardinal alojzije stepinac, elevating him to the last step before possible sainthood.
half a million od people watched with delight and gratitude as john paul beatified cardinal alojzije stepinac, elevating him to the last step before possible sainthood, in marija bistrica, croatia's leading marian shrine to the virgin mary.
half a million od people watched with delight and gratitude as john paul beatified cardinal alojzije stepinac, elevating him to the last step before possible sainthood, in marija bistrica, croatia's leading marian shrine to the virgin mary.
half a million people watched with delight and gratitude as john paul beatified cardinal alojzije stepinac, elevating him to the last step before possible sainthood, in marija bistrica, croatia's leading shrine to the virgin mary.
hundreds of thousands of roman catholics jammed a beach outside this adriatic coastal city for john paul's final mass of the three-day trip to croatia.
hundreds of thousands of roman catholics jammed a beach outside this adriatic coastal city for john paul's final mass of the three-day trip to croatia.
beatification is the final step before sainthood.
beatification is the final step before sainthood.
``how could we not recall with anxious concern the continuing tragedy taking place in nearby kosovo?''
the downfall of prime minister mesut yilmaz and his nearly 17-month-old government could push turkey toward another crisis between western-oriented forces and pro-islamic supporters.
president suleyman demirel opened talks with party leaders just hours after the corruption-battered coalition of prime minister mesut yilmaz lost a confidence vote in parliament.
parliament toppled prime minister mesut yilmaz's 17-month-old government wednesday in a no-confidence vote over a mafia scandal, setting off a furious round of deal-making among pro-secular parties to piece together a new governing coalition.
parliament toppled prime minister mesut yilmaz's 17-month-old government wednesday in a no-confidence vote over a mafia scandal, setting off a furious round of deal-making among pro-secular parties to piece together a new governing coalition.
parliament toppled prime minister mesut yilmaz's 17-month-old government wednesday in a no-confidence vote over a mafia scandal, setting off a furious round of deal-making among pro-secular parties to piece together a new governing coalition.
in the midst of turkey's uphill battle to get italy to hand over a kurdish rebel leader, the government collapsed wednesday under the weight of corruption scandals.
in the midst of turkey's uphill battle to get italy to hand over a kurdish rebel leader, the government collapsed wednesday under the weight of corruption scandals.
ecevit is said to have the support of turkey's all-powerful military and most analysts say he is the is the most viable replacement for mesut yilmaz, who was ousted in a no-confidence vote last week over a mafia scandal.
the 314-214 vote came after yilmaz was implicated in a corruption scandal in which he is said to have helped gangsters buy a state-owned bank.
other victims included homeless people, according to police.
the early winter weather played a role in at least 24 deaths in romania and bulgaria over the past three days.
the weather played a role in at least 24 deaths in romania and bulgaria over the past three days.
since the beginning of october, 45 people have died of hypothermia, the city ambulance service said, according to the interfax news agency.
police said a 40-year-old man was found frozen to death in central poland on thursday morning.
police said a 40-year-old man was found frozen to death in central poland on thursday morning.
wet snow will fall in northern maine and on the high ground of northern new hampshire and vermont.
the toll was expected to rise as contacts are restored with remote areas where roads were blocked by landslides and flooding, and telephone service was knocked out by strong winds.
philippines president joseph estrada declared catanduanes and three other other provinces and a city in the worst hit area on the southern tip of luzon under a state of calamity.
the island province was the first hit by the typhoon, which stalled directly above it for nearly 12 hours.
the central weather bureau said that at 3 p.m. (0700 gmt), the typhoon was centered 120 kilometers (72 miles) southwest of pratas island in the south china sea.
the hong kong observatory said that at 10 p.m. (1400 gmt), the typhoon, packing sustained winds of 130 kph (81 mph), was centered about 300 kilometers (186 miles) southeast of the territory.
the storm earlier killed at least 156 people in the philippines and left hundreds of thousands homeless.
norberto boceta, deputy administrator of the philippine coconut authority, said the price of cooking oil has jumped by as much as 50 percent this month from prices posted in the first quarter.
then he stepped into his kitchen, where a sniper's bullet crashed through a back window and struck him in the chest, police said.
then he stepped into his kitchen, where a sniper's bullet crashed through a back window and struck him in the chest, police said.
' others said he persisted because he was simply a conscientious doctor and made his decisions not on ideological grounds but because he wanted to practice the full range of gynecological medicine just as he had been trained to do, even if that included the procedures that many in the aggressive anti-abortion movement in western new york equated with murder.
law enforcement officials from federal, state and local agencies who met with canadian investigators here sunday would not comment on their inquiry into the death of slepian, the gynecologist and obstetrician who was killed by a sniper as he sat in his kitchen.
slepian was one of only three doctors who performed abortions in the buffalo, n.y., area, and harassment and threats against him by anti-abortion groups had become routine over the past decade.
' each name in the list is either in black type, meaning ``working''; in gray, meaning ``wounded;'' or has a line through it, meaning ``fatality.''
' in each case, a sniper fired a high-powered rifle from behind the doctor's home.
in the race for attorney general, the democratic candidate, eliot spitzer, who favors abortion rights, has moved quickly to make the anti-abortion position of his opponent, attorney general dennis vacco, a central issue in the campaign.
short-staffed even before slepian was fatally shot by a sniper who hid in a wooded field behind his home, the clinic, buffalo women's gynecological services, scrambled to find doctors to cover his schedule.
police earlier had reported 65 dead, but backed off that figure friday evening.
police earlier had reported 65 dead, but backed off that figure friday evening.
the fast-spreading fire that broke out just a few minutes before midnight thursday gutted the building and left rescuers facing a hideous scene that local rescue service leader lennart olin likened to a ``gas chamber.''
police said another 173 people were injured, 20 of them severely, in the explosive fire that engulfed the plain brick two-story building just before midnight thursday and turned a boisterous disco dance into a screaming terror in a matter of moments.
per-olof ortarsen of goteborg's emergency services line said the call was so hard to understand that it took three minutes for workers to figure out what was going on and where to send fire trucks.
how could it happen; what caused the flames that raced through a hall packed far beyond capacity, blocking one of the exits and forcing panicked teen-agers to flee down the one remaining staircase and leap out of second-story windows?
and while the officials were telling journalists that they had no answer to the technical question of why the fire happened, thousands of goteborg's residents came to the fire site to lay flowers, light candles and grapple with the philosophical ''why?''
and while the officials were telling journalists that they had no answer to the technical question of why the fire happened, thousands of goteborg's residents came to the fire site to lay flowers, light candles and grapple with the philosophical ``why?''
with another 17 people still in intensive care, the figure could still go higher in what is already sweden's worst fire disaster of modern times.
about 65 of the young people died and more than 190 were seriously injured late thursday night when fire and smoke engulfed an overcrowded makeshift discotheque that had only one unlocked door.
the council of guardians, which is dominated by political hard-liners, has rejected 214 candidates out of 400 who wanted to run in friday's election to the 86-member assembly of experts.
the hard-line controlled state tehran radio spent half its hour long main news program thursday broadcasting calls for people to show their ``brave presence'' at polling stations to elect the assembly of experts.
the state-controlled media reported an ``unprecedented and unique'' turnout but gave no figures.
the trend offered no surprise since most of the 167 candidates in friday' elections were hard-liners who want to maintain the authority of the supreme leader, the country's top shiite cleric who has the final say in all matters.
the trend offered no surprise since most of the 167 candidates in friday' elections were hard-liners who want to maintain the authority of the supreme leader, the country's top shiite cleric who has the final say in all matters.
the results came as no surprise since most moderates had been dropped from the ballot in advance of friday's election by a council that reviews candidates's eligibility and is dominated by hard-liners.
the results came as no surprise since most moderates had been dropped from the ballot in advance of friday's election by a council that reviews candidates's eligibility and is dominated by hard-liners.
the results were expected since most moderates had been dropped from the ballot in advance of friday's election by a council that reviews candidates's eligibility and is dominated by hard-liners.
the results were expected since most moderates had been dropped from the ballot in advance of friday's election by a council that reviews candidates's eligibility and is dominated by hard-liners.
as each island fell prey to hurricane georges' battering winds, the casualties mounted.
but two weeks after hurricane georges pummeled this u.s. territory, thousands still languish in schools, community centers and the homes of family and friends _ and her pledge looks like a drop in the bucket.
seventeen bodies were recovered in fonds verrettes, a mountain town 50 miles (80 kilometers) east of port-au-prince, bringing the town's death toll to 102, said rep. francois sanozier, who represents the area.
even before the storm caused floods and mudslides that killed 221 people, haiti, the poorest country in the western hemisphere, was a disaster zone.
she was huddled in a closet, her house shaking, a phone in one ear and a portable radio tuned to wwus-fm, said becker, news director of the station.
it was a disaster _ although not for the entire region and not necessarily for the tourist industry on which the area's economy depends.
some institutions and individuals rise to the occasion; others topple like palm trees in the wind.
so far, congress has completed work on only four of those bills.
the offer, made in an august meeting with 3com's chairman, eric benhamou, was not accepted by 3com executives, those people say.
``my only knowledge is the wall street journal article; it surprised me'' gates said of reports of a meeting in which his company had offered its chief competitor in internet software a chance to divide the market.
in his 127 pages of written testimony, released monday afternoon, barksdale supplied new details and a firsthand perspective of a disputed meeting between microsoft and netscape on june 21, 1995, at netscape's offices in mountain view, calif. at the meeting, the government contends, microsoft executives proposed that the two companies divvy up the emerging market for software used to browse the internet's world wide web.
microsoft's opening salvo in the sweeping antitrust suit was crafted as much for public opinion as for the court.
microsoft, the world's leading maker of computer software, said demand for the windows 98 operating system exceeded its projections, particularly in japan and europe.
the offer, made in an august meeting with 3com's chairman, eric benhamou, was not accepted by 3com executives, those people say.
in the case of microsoft, the government has invoked the sherman act to file a civil suit that seeks to change the company's business practices, not a criminal suit that seeks financial penalties.
the e-mail, written on dec. 29, 1994, was introduced to suggest that it was netscape, not microsoft, that initiated some of the elements of what the government portrays as an illegal offer by microsoft in june 1995 to divide with netscape the market for software used to browse the internet's world wide web.
that meeting and the charge of an illegal offer to divide the market for internet browsers, the software used to navigate the world wide web, are central elements of the antitrust suit by the justice department and 20 states being heard in united states district court here.
and the software industry is seen as being at the forefront of new patterns of behavior by workers, companies and markets that define the new economy.
``it's not enough, nothing could be enough,'' beatrice akoth yongo, a widow with four young children and another due in december, said in the shade of a flowering jacaranda tree.
s. intelligence officials.
a tightly wound, brilliant student of the koran who was thrown out of religious school for caning a lazy pupil hard enough to draw blood, abdallah mohammed fazul set out for pakistan 11 years ago, at age 15, to continue his education.
a tightly wound, brilliant student of the koran who was thrown out of religious school for caning a lazy pupil hard enough to draw blood, abdallah mohammed fazul set out for pakistan 11 years ago, at age 15, to continue his education.
' the reported meeting between bin laden and the accused man, mohamed rashed daoud al'owhali, which had not previously been described, is the strongest allegation offered so far to link bin laden to the attacks, in which more than 250 people died.
the warning forecast the aug. 7 bombing in several particulars, the officials said.
on friday, about 61 percent of the members of pal's largest union accepted the proposal to suspend collective bargaining in exchange for 20 percent of the company's stock and seats on its board.
debt-laden pal reopened wednesday with domestic flights after a 13-day shutdown caused by disagreements with its largest labor union over a management recovery plan.
``our objective is full privatization.
the department said 712 strikes and lockouts have occurred so far, a drop of 14 percent compared to 827 in the same period last year.
pal officials have accepted an investment offer from the hong kong-based carrier and the two companies are drawing up a comprehensive plan to rehabilitate pal.
pal earlier accepted a preliminary investment offer from cathay pacific, and the companies announced nov. 10 that they would draw up a comprehensive plan to rehabilitate the philippine flag carrier.
philippine president joseph estrada said he would try to coax the two sides back together, but it was unclear whether cathay was out of the picture for good.
pal had hoped for an infusion of capital from another airline to keep it afloat and help it resume payments on dlrs 2.1 billion in debt.
foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao refused to specify what laws were broken or how xu wenli and qin yongmin endangered the state.
qin yongmin's and wang youcai's families were running out of options wednesday to help the pair, leading organizers of a budding opposition political party.
releasing liu nianchun appeared to be an attempt by the government to blunt international criticism over monday's upcoming trial of prominent dissident xu wenli.
``xu wenli is suspected of involvement in activities damaging to national security and has violated relevant criminal codes of the people's republic of china,'' said a statement from the foreign ministry, which on tuesday declined to comment on the arrest.
the decision to try the leader, wang youcai, a founder of the china democracy party, with unusual speed suggests how serious the communist authorities are in their campaign to destroy the fledgling party and silence dissidents who had begun to speak out over the last year.
the dissident, yao zhenxian, who was released in april from a chinese labor camp, is a leader of the china democracy party, which was formed in june during president clinton's visit to china.
the defendant is qin yongmin, 45, a democracy advocate who has spent 10 years in prison and labor camps and has recently promoted an alternative, non-communist political party.
the trial in the eastern city of hangzhou of wang youcai, 32, founder of the china democracy party, which is now suppressed, was in session for just two hours and 10 minutes.
officially, the speech was intended to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the communist party meeting that marked the beginning of the reforms.