having lost two decisions in the lower courts , clinton administration officials and advocates of statistical sampling in the 2000 census have begun to think about ways to use a modified form of the controversial methodology even if they do not prevail in the supreme court .
a sharply divided supreme court on monday struck down president clinton 's controversial proposal to use a statistical formula to complement the traditional head count of the u.s. population in the 2000 census .
a sharply divided supreme court on monday struck down president clinton 's controversial proposal to use a statistical formula to complement the traditional head count of the u.s. population in the 2000 census .
kenneth prewitt , the administration 's census director nominee , on thursday told the u.s. senate governmental affairs committee that it was crucial that the issue of statistical sampling be settled soon .
the kansas board of education has approved new standards for teaching science in public schools that critics say strips evolution from its accepted place at the center of biological studies .
some local kansas officials are not planning to change what their schools teach about evolution , even though the state board of education 's new testing standards de-emphasize its importance , especially the theory that men descended from apes .
the audience was encouraged to applaud , murmur , hiss or shout hallelujah , one sign on stage simply called for ''hubbub '' -- not surprising , given the subject being debated .
nineteen states got d 's or f 's in a report that evaluated how public schools teach evolution , raising a new issue in a continuing dispute between science and religion .
the kansas board of education voted wednesday to delete virtually any mention of evolution from the state 's science curriculum , in one of the most far-reaching efforts by creationists in recent years to challenge the teaching of evolution in schools .
conservatives won a major victory in kansas on wednesday when the state board of education approved new science standards that dilute the teaching of evolution .
stop the world , kansas wants to get off .
despite controversy and confusion swirling around her like dust devils in the wheat fields , lu bitter , a science teacher at pratt high school , is clear about one thing : she will continue teaching the theory of evolution , as she has for 27 years , until she is ordered to stop .
seventy-five years after the scopes `` monkey trial '' in tennessee , a scientist 's report issued tuesday gave 13 states failing grades for neglecting to teach evolution .
the nation 's homeless people are increasingly being harassed by police , driven from the streets in which they beg and sleep by cities putting `` meanness '' ahead of compassion , an advocacy group 's report contends .
after following hundreds of homeless families in new york city to determine if social disorders prolonged their situation , a new study by new york university suggests the real problem is the city 's scarcity of subsidized housing .
three weeks ago , when someone started stalking homeless people here , bending over them as they slept in the alleys and doorways and slashing their throats , a grim joke began making the rounds on the streets : the killer had been hired by the city .
to the u.s. census bureau , in the year 2000 there will no longer be homeless people , only those without conventional housing .
perhaps no city offers a more public example of the problems of homelessness than san francisco , the biggest complaint visitors lodge about the city concerns the aggressive panhandling and other manifestations of homelessness that they experience , say city tourist officials .
a sweeping national study of homeless people served by shelters , soup kitchens and other programs found that almost half were in their first episode of homelessness , 44 percent had worked at least part time in the previous month , and 42 percent said that what they needed more than anything was help finding a job .
in denver , five were pummeled to death and two more beheaded , in richmond , va. , one was beaten , stabbed and beheaded , his head then carried nearly a mile and placed for display on a footbridge .
former tanzanian president mwalimu julius nyerere today inaugurated the mwalimu nyerere foundation in dodoma , central tanzania , and called on africans to stand together and cooperate with each other .
the united states is considering to create a standby force of african troops to deal with what it called humanitarian crises in africa such as the ongoing tribal warfare in burundi and the civil war in liberia , u.s. officials have said .
kenya has urged the u.s. government to refrain from accusing it over the recent confrontations between kenyan police and opposition supporters , according to local press reports today .
u.s. special envoy jesse jackson called sunday on the kenyan government to halt tribal conflicts in which some 120 people have been killed and hundreds brutally injured since january 11 .
u.s. special envoy jesse jackson urged monday kenyan president daniel arap moi during their talks to visit rift valley province in a bid to end tribal clashes there killing some 120 people since january 11 .
france will join the envisaged united nations peacekeeping force in the central african republic , which will replace an african peacekeeping force deployed in bangui since january 1997 .
kenyan president daniel arap moi has urged kenyans to scrap tribalism in order to tackle challenges in the next millennium .
the south african truth and reconciliation commission -lrb- trc -rrb- has completely failed to address or find the root causes for black-on-black violence which has claimed more than 30 , 000 lives in this country , home affairs minister mangosuthu buthelezi said on saturday .
india 's foreign secretary flew to bangladesh on sunday for high-level talks , less than two weeks after bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina visited india to urge restraint following its nuclear tests in may .
bangladesh foreign secretary faroq sobhan is expected to arrive here today for talks with india on three long-standing issues troubling bilateral relations - ganges water-sharing , trade imbalance and transit , the indian express said today .
bangladesh and india today signed in new delhi a long-cherished ganges water-sharing accord , which would remove a major irritant in bilateral relations and pave the way for closer ties between the two countries .
india and bangladesh today clinched a historic deal on the sharing of ganges water , which will remove a major irritant in the bilateral relations in more than two decades .
india and bangladesh today formally started sharing the common ganges water after india opened 75 sluice-gates of its farakka barrage at 06:30 a.m. local time -lrb- 0030 gmt -rrb- in implementation of an agreement between the two countries .
india and bangladesh have agreed to maintain a status quo in the disputed border areas till a final decision on the issue , official sources said here today .
indian prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and his bangladesh counterpart , sheikh hasina , held wide-ranging talks here tuesday on matters of mutual interest for boosting the ties between their two countries , official sources said here .
bangladesh monday received fresh assurance from india of reaching a solution to border problems by february or march next year , according to the official bangladesh news agency .
dhaka , july 17 -lrb- xinhua -- bangladesh and india monday kicked off border talks in chittagong , the largest port city in the country , in the wake of a series of bloody border clashes which left five people dead in both sides during the last week .
installation of a 176-km-long power transmission line from changshou county of sichuan province to wanxian city of chongqing , china 's youngest municipality , started today .
china will lock the main stream of the yangtze river at the three gorges in early november , announced lu youmei , general manager of china yangtze three gorges project development corporation .
the gigantic three gorges power project in the middle reaches of the yangtze river has received more than 270 million u.s. dollars in loans from german banks for purchase of 14 turbines and generators , `` china daily '' reported today .
the china yangtze river three gorges development project corp. invited 22 noted chinese water conservancy and hydropower experts to act as consultants for the project to dam the yangtze river in early november .
the design for the three gorges project -lrb- tgp -rrb- has stood the test of the reality , a project official announced today .
china successful dammed the main course of the yangtze today for the three gorges project , declared president jiang zemin at the project site .
china 's leading newspaper , the people 's daily , will carry an editorial on monday highlighting the relocation project in the three gorges area in central china , where the country is building a gigantic dam and the world 's largest hydropower and water conservancy project .
the dalaoling state forest park in central china 's yichang , the city nearest to the three gorges project , is now completed after two years of development , and has won the approval of expert appraisers .
a senior official said that the damming of the three gorges project is running on schedule and will be completed by 2003 .
gsm -lrb- global system of mobile communications -rrb- went into service thursday at the construction site of china 's biggest water control project -- the three gorges dam .
china has decided to relocate 125,000 people living in the dam area of the three gorges power project to 11 regions in coastal provinces in the next nine years .
police from 24 countries and two international organizations convened in bulgaria 's capital monday to discuss joint action against a surge in car thefts , smuggling and insurance fraud after the end of the cold war .
the 15 european union nations and 11 neighbors pledged to join forces tuesday to fight against organized crime , child pornography and cross-border pollution .